<!-- Required Data for tol.asp -->
As unto the bow the cord is, So unto man is woman; Tho' she bends him, She obeys him. Tho' she draws him, Yet she follows; Useless each without the other. - from Hiawatha by Henry W. Longfellow 
If, each time I thought of you were a flower, you could walk in my garden forever.
Within you, I lose myself, without you, I find myself, searching to be lost again.
A man falls in love through his eyes, a woman through her ears.
A part of you has grown in me, and, so you see, it's you and me, forever, and never apart; maybe in distance but never in heart.
I cannot show you I love you. Time will show you I love you.
My wish is not to mean everything to everyone but to mean something to someone.
I could do without many things with no hardship-- you are not one of them.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies. - Aristotle
Pleasant words are as a honeycomb, sweet to the soul, and health to the bones. - Proverbs 16:24
For hearing my thoughts, understanding my dreams and being my best friend... For filling my life with joy and loving me without end
So, fall asleep love, loved by me....for I know love, I am loved by thee.
As I gaze upon your beauty, I think to myself, never have I seen an angel fly so low...
Know love, know happiness. No love, no happiness.
Two halves have little choice but to join... and yes, they do make a whole... but when two wholes join...that is beauty, that is love.
Absence does for love what the wind does for a flame: it extinguishes the weak, and feeds the strong
The cure for all blunders, the cure for blindness, the cure for crime is. . .Love -- Emerson
That which is striking and attractive is not always good. That which is good is always beautiful.
The soul that can speak through the eyes can also kiss with a gaze. -- Gustavo Adolfo Becquer
Immature love says: I love you because I need you. Mature love says: I need you because I love you. -- Erich Fromm 1900-1980
Where there is love there is life. -- Mahatma Gandhi
Where we love is home, home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts. -- Oliver Wendell Holmes
To be able to say how much you love is to love but little. -- Petrach
What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet. -- William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet
I don't need to be wanted, I want to be needed.
Some people think that it's holding on that makes one strong, Sometimes it's letting go.
Love has no limits and no regrets.
Love is just a four letter word with so many meanings behind it.
To love is true when it comes from the heart, not from the mouth.
If you never get your heart broken, you'll never learn to love.
I wish that he were come to me, For he will come, she said. Have I not prayed in heaven?---on earth, Lord, Lord, has he not prayed? Are not two prayers a perfect strength? And shall I feel afraid? -- John Fletcher(Wolsey's Farewell to His Greatness from Henry VIII)
As the lily among thorns, so is my love among the daughters. As the apple tree among the trees of the wood, so is my beloved among the sons. I sat down under his shadow with great delight, and his fruit was sweet to my taste. -- Song of Solomon 2:2,3
Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth: for thy love is better than wine. -- Song of Solomon 1:2
Once you have loved someone, you can do anything for them, except love them the same way again...
Listen to your heart, for it knows the truth
I walk alone through life's dark night, you are my candle, my shining light!
Love is when you've ran out of excuses for hating someone.
A tune is a song without words. Death is a life without love.
If you've truly found love, then give it a wing to fly, and if it choses to stay, then it was meant to be!
Love is unexpectable, you don't know when it will come.
Love has no control and neither does one's mind when they are in love.
Love is friendship set to music.
If I should meet thee after long years, how should I greet thee? With silence and tears. -- Robert Browning
I died for beauty but was scarce. -- Emily Dickinson
To be is to love; to love you is to be.
I love you not because I need you, But I need you because I love you.
To be loved ,and to have loved, is to live life the fullest.
The course of true love never did run smooth. -- Shakespeare
If you judge someone, you have no time to love them. -- Mother Teresa
I love you more today than yesterday, but less than tomorrow.
LOVE is more than just saying I LOVE YOU.
How can you love another if you don't love yourself?
True love is out there and it looks for no one. So go get it.
So I'll be sure to stay wary of you love, to save the pain of once my flame and twice my burn. -- Fiona Apple
To please, is to be pleased...to hurt is, to be hurt.
The more you Love,The more you can be hurt or pleased.
Love is like a roller coaster full of ups and downs and it controls you not the other way around.
A woman's heart is an ocean of secrets. -- Rose Dawson in Titanic
Being with you is like walking on a very clear morning, I definately have the sensation of belonging there.
Love is a lot like a rhino, short-sighted and hasty. If it cannot find a way, it will make a way.
When a young man complains that a young woman has no heart, it is a pretty sure sign that she has his.
Love is like a pie crust, easily made, but easily broken.
To love a thing, means wanting it to live.
You can fall in love in an instant. It's letting go that takes time.
Love means never having to say you're sorry!
Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone; it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, made new.
Before you love, learn to run through snow leaving no footprints.
LOVE - How can such a small word mean so much?
Love thoughts of tenderness, tried in temptation, strengthered by distress, unmoved by absence, and yet more than all, untired by time.
They that love beyond the world cannot be seperated by it. Death cannot kill what never dies.
When you love someone, say it. Say it loud. Say it right away, or the moment... just passes you by.
Love is an inexpressable bounty of adventure represented by four simple letters.
Love is when you are in the back seat of your car and your feet are hanging out of the window and you aren't even ashamed.
To be loved is to live forever in someone's heart.
Love is like war, easy to begin, hard to stop.
Love that is true lasts forever.
Love... like fine sand. Grasp it and it will quickly slip through your fingers. Cup it gently and it will fill the voids of your soul-- as sand seeks to fill the spaces in your hands.
Distance makes the heart grow fonder? How does love grow in a vacuum? Distance makes the heart wander. For without communication, without companionship... and distance long enough -- a friend, at best, is what you'll find.
My only love sprung from my only hate. -- William Shakespeare in his Romeo and Juliet
Do not tell me, for I've heard it all, there is too much to do with hate, but much more to do with love. -- William Shakespeare in his Romeo and Juliet
Love can make you happy but often times it hurts, but love is only special when you give it to who its worth.
Love can hurt but the things it brings are worth death.
Choosing a love and then being strong enough to live up to your commitment of love is the essence of love.
Lust is a state of the mind, love is a state of the heart & soul.
Love feeds the soul!
Love is like pizza, when it's good, it's really good. When it's bad, It's still pretty good.
Love today, so you will never have empty yesterdays.
I was born when you kissed me, and I died when you left me, but I lived for the two weeks you loved me.
What do I get from Loving You? Loving You.
True Love, like many things, can only be seen in the eyes of the beholder. It cannot be jealous, proud, or anxious; it is what is found in the depths of your heart, and longs only for one who's heart longs for the same things as your own.
True love is a high and holy principle, altogether different in character from that love which is awakened by impulse and which suddenly dies when severely tested.
Love is a precious gift, which we receive from Jesus. Pure and holy affection is not a feeling, but a principle. Those who are actuated by true love are neither unreasonable nor blind.
God is Love. - I John 4:8
'Where's home for you?' a stranger asked a fellow traveler. Wherever she is,' came the reply, as the man pointed at his wife.
Love is an endless act of forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit. -- Peter Ustinov
Absence is to love what wind is to fire; it extinguishes the small, it enkindles the great.
Be true to thyself, Be true to love.
One finds love not by being loved, but by loving. We can never know love if we try to draw others to ourselves; nor can we find it by centering our love in them. For love is infinite; it is never ours to create. We can only channel it from its source in infinity to all whom we meet.
Love gives naught but itself and takes naught but from itself. Love possesses not nor would it be possessed; For love is sufficient unto love.
The sound of a kiss is not so loud as a cannon, but it's echo lasts a great deal longer.
I swear that I love but one woman, and that I love you as no other woman was ever loved.
Since I met you We has become more magical than you or I.
Love is a moment that lasts forever.
Learn life's biggest lesson: Love, Forget & Forgive.
May God above send down a dove with wings as sharp as a razor. To spear the heart of any guy who loves a girl, then betrays her.
Love has no other desire but to fulfill itself.
Love gives naught but itself but takes naught but from itself.
Love that remains longest in your heart is the one that is not returned.
Never have regrets, follow your heart.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
You don't love a woman because she is beautiful, she is beautiful because you love her.
Love is something eternal; the aspect may change, but not the essence.
Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given, never forgotten, never let it disappear. -- John Lennon
When love and hate have exhausted the soul, the body seldom endures for long.
Love is the closest thing to hate.
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise.
Love is when your mouth has no need to move to make him/her happy because your heart is beating, and that's all that matters.
Love is when you stop saying nonsense things and can simply be silent.
When you can see your un-born children in her arms, you know you really love a woman.
Love withers under constraint; its very essence is liberty; it is compatible neither with obedience, jealousy, nor fear: it is there most pure, perfect and unlimited, where its votaries live in confidence, equality and reserve.
A life’s worth, in the end, isn’t measured in hours, or dollars. It’s measured by the amount of love exchanged along the way
A woman unsatisfied must have luxuries. But a woman who loves a man would sleep on a board. -- D.H.Lawrence
Kindness in words creates confidence, kindness in thinking creates profoundness, kindness in giving creates love.
I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality. -- Martin Luther King, Jr
Oh, innocent victims of Cupid, Remember this terse little verse; To let a fool kiss you is stupid, To let a kiss fool you is worse.
He who cannot love must learn to flatter.
Love one another, but make no bond of love; Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your soul. Fill each other’s cup, but drink not from one cup. Give one another of your bread, but eat not from the same loaf. Sing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone.
In all your amours you should prefer old women to young ones . . . they have greater knowledge of the world. -- Benjamin Franklin
There is abundant testimony that if we choose love rather than self, we gain immeasurably.
There is no end. There is no beginning. There is only the infinite passion of life.
Love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking together in the same direction.
There is no beautifier of complexion, or form, or behavior, like the wish to scatter joy and not pain around us. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do what we can. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Never close your lips to those to whom you have opened your heart. -- Charles Dickens
Love need not be two-way. I believe in one-way love because love is God and God loves all of us, whether or not we love Him back.
You know what real love is when just thinking of your lover - maybe something they did before, or just the thought gives you chills all over your body.
To be is to love, to love you is to be...
When you feel that all is lost, hold onto your love at any cost.
Absence makes thy heart grow fonder.
I will show you a philtre without potions, without herbs, without any witch's incantation--if you wish to be loved, love.
Love is like a roller coaster. There's some downs, but when you get to the ups, when you feel that high -- NOTHING can pull you down, and all of the downs just disappear.
Love is patient. Love is kind. It does not envy. It does not boast. It is not proud. It is not rude. It is not self-seeking. It is not easily angered. It keeps no record of wrong doing. It does not delight in evil, but rejoices in the truth. It always protects, trusts, hopes, perseveres. -- Corinthians 13
Love is life and you are the light of my life.
My life is but a River of Troubled Waters....Thank God! For she is the Sea of Eternal Happiness.
Love is like the sun, even if you reach it you have to put up with a few blisters.
If you love something let it go, if it comes back to you it was yours, if it doesn't it never was.
For an instant, love can transform the world.
Heaven is where the heart is.
You're here, there's nothing I fear. -- Celine Dion
Love can touch us one time and last for a lifetime and never let go till were gone. -- Celine Dion
We are like the wings of angels, bound together with the love of God.
My love for you is like time, if you give it just one moment, it will last forever.
This is true love. Do you think this happens everyday? -- Westly Princess Bride
Love is you!
I've loved you all my life. Even before there was you there was the promise of you, and now that we've met, I'll never be the same!
And remeber, as it was written...to love another person is to see the face of God. -- From Les Miserables
To love is to risk not being loved in return. To hope is to risk pain. To try is to risk failure, but risk must be taken, because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing. -- From Living, learning and Loving by Leo Buscaglia
Live to love and love to live.
MERLIN: Love is a force YOUNG ARTHUR: Is it very powerful? MERLIN: Yes.. some would say the greatest power in the Universe. -- Quoted from Disney's Sword in the Stone
It's not being in love that makes me happy. It's being in love with YOU that makes me happy.
Love is...when two people don't like to be apart, they want to share everything heart to heart.
If it is not mutual it isn't love.
Love is the blood of the heart, and the drink of the soul.
You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back.
How do I love thee? Let me count the ways.
Love is beautiful dream.
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated it will flow back and soften and purify the hear.
Life is to be fortified by many friendships. To love and be loved is the greatest happiness of existence.
Love is the emblem of eternity; it confounds all notion of time: effaces all memory of a beginning, all fear of an end.
A loving heart is the truest wisdom. -- Charles Dickens
I don't regret the things I have done or the things I have chosen not to do because what ever I've done, I must have done something right because I ended up with you.
No matter how hard things seem, true love will aide you through it.
To love is to give all of yourself, in return for that one special feeling in the center of your heart.
Love is like war, easy to begin but hard to end
To time's mirage, love pays no heed. For love has 'Always' in its seed
Love is about making happy... not being happy
If you have love, you'll live longer
It doesn't make sense to me, that's why I trust it.
Remember...love is the link that holds two hearts together.
Love isn't love until you give it away, so give it wings and let it go, if it's meant to be it will fly right back to you!
I miss you most when I'm sad. I miss you when I'm lonely. But most of all, I miss you when I'm happy. -- An excerpt from Chicken Soup for the Teenage Soul. 
Love can touch us one time, and last a whole life time. Love was when I loved you, one true time I hold you.
Love's a butterfly, it goes wherever it pleases and pleases wherever it goes and goes wherever it pleases.
So dear I love him that with him, all deaths I could endure. Without him, live no life. -- William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet
Love from one side hurts, but love from two sides heals.
When I saw you I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew.
Love starts from the heart not the eye.
In the end, though I may thirst for her, these lips were graced by a sweet taste from the spring of her love. -- from Yearning for Lost Love
Your love's a never ending dream. A castle by a stream of sweet understanding.
Marriage is like a golden ring in a chain, whose beginning is a glance and whose ending is in eternity.
The smell of a woman should stay with you. The smell of a man should come to you as you go to him and leave you with only a memory, not a headache.
A man sees him-self through the eyes of the women he loves.
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost.
If there is anything better than to be loved, it is loving.
Love is like a riddle, the answer is not difficult. love is like a maze, one belongs to one's door way. Love is like a quiz, how much both really miss. But what love really means, LOVE means me and you.
Whoever said it is better to have loved and lost, then to have never loved at all, must not have had their heart broken.
You've got to learn to love yourself, before you can love anyone else. 
Let no one who loves be unhappy. Even love unreturned has its rainbow.
The simple lack of her is more to me than others' presence.
Love is like an hourglass, with the heart filling up as the brain empties.
The best way to love, is like a child, pure, innocent, and without hesitation.
You know it's love, when whoever she is, she's good enough.
As long as the sun shall rise goes the old lover's vow, But we are children of a scientific age and have no time for poetry. Still, I offer a quiet prayer of thanks for the sunlight each time I see your face.
Love is the angel that wanders within, tormenting the heart.
True love endures, if it does not, then it was never true.
Every time I see you, I try to hide away. But when we meet it seems I can't let go. Everytime you leave the room I feel I'm fading like a flower.
Something in your eyes captured my soul, and every night I see you in my dreams. You're all I know. I can't let go. -- Mariah Carey
I've been thinking how hungry my mind and body are for you... and it's time for food for my thoughts...
While many a soul are unhappy with love, no one is ever happy without it.
Peace will come when the Love of Power is replaced with the Power of Love.
Above all else, guard thy heart for it is the wellspring of life. -- Proverbs 4:23
Hate stirreth up strifes, but love cevereth all sins. -- Proverbs 10:12
Love is when you cry, when you laugh, when you smile... Love is when you dream
Saying I love you isn't hard... saying I love you and meaning it is.
A memory of true love is like a favorite song; no matter how many times it plays again, you never get tired of it.
Love goes toward love, as schoolboys from their books; but love from love, toward school with heavy looks. -- William Shakespeare from Romeo and Juliet
Emptiness isn't lonliness, it's the missing of you.
Love is the only thing that can be divided with out being diminished.
If it is really love, you can see yourself standing in their eyes, part of the abstinence that is worth dying for. If you long for that recognition that will not part by distance, in time your dream will be replied.
You found your love when you've found a home in a woman's heart.
Happiness is being married to your best friend.
Kisses: Words which cannot be written.
You may hold my hand for a while, but you hold my heart forever.
Look into my eyes and hear what I'm not saying, for my eyes speak louder than my voice ever will.
Being in love is a wonderful feeling but being loved and appreciated in return can be the most wonderful experience that can happen to your life...
I love you more now than when you began to read this sentence.
Love is an eruption of feelings buried within a heart longing to break free!
When loving someone...never regret what you do....only regret what you DIDN'T do
We can die by it, if not live by love.
Nobody has measured, not even poets how much the heart can hold.
Love might not make the world go round, but it sure makes the ride worthwhile.
A true friend is a true love.
'Tis loves passion that sleeps upon a blanket of hate.
Love is friendship set on fire.
You can't find love it finds you.
You do not fall in love, you grow to love, and then love grows in him!
Do you love me because I'm beautiful, or am I beautiful because you love me? -- Oscar Hammerstein
I wasn't kissing her, I was whispering in her mouth.
His kiss, his touch... so gentle...yet so poisonous to my heart...
Love is sweeter than any rose. Love pricks you far deeper than any thorn.
Love is forever, and if it doesn't last forever it isn't love.
If music be the food of love, play on. -- From Shakespeare's Twelveth Night
Love cannot be defined...not a single word or even a million words could tell the real meaning of love...because love has no end.
Sometimes we make love with our eyes. Sometimes we make love with our hands. Sometimes we make love with our bodies. Always we make love with our hearts.
Love is like the wind, rough at times but gentle by nature.
If love is blind than I shall never see.
To live life without you is to live life without love.
What's in a race? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
Love is never wanting you to change...for who you are is who I fell in love with. Therefore NEVER change.
They say that love is blind...I say that love is kind.
Love seems to put an end to all rational thought.
There is no part of the body that when broken, hurts as badly as the heart.
When I'm with you I feel Like I could die and that would be alright.
I'm afraid of loving you for the rest of my life and I'm afraid of losing you for the rest of my life.
Gotta let you know that I love you, gotta let you know that I care, gotta let you know that for you, i'll always be there.
I don't know much but I know I love you.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Love is stronger than death.
Love or friendship, one cannot serve two masters.
Real love is forever.
A life without love...is an eternity without happiness.
True love is something you feel deep inside, a feeling that you find impossible to hide.
Love is just one word, but it has too many meanings.
Love is a powerful addiction for the human soul. Even people that have not experienced it, yearn for the chance to give and receive it from someone special.
Your voice makes me tremble inside and your smile is an invitation for my imagination to go wild.
Everything I've ever done has been for you!
My minds in a daze I can't believe what I've seen an angel took me to you last night in my dream.
True love comes but once. Grab it while you can, for when it will never pass again.
I hear the words, and then I get to thinking...I don't wanna think, I wanna feel...
Do you know that it would take you forever to realize the extent of my love for you.
Every minute without you is a minute of wasted time.
Some people love with restraint as if they were someday to hate, but we hated gently, carefully, as if we were someday to love...
Foolish Girl, put your heart away. Maybe it will come out to play another day.
The love in your heart. Wasn't put there to stay. Love isn't love until you give it away.
Lust is when you remember a face and forget the feeling. Love is when you forget the face and can't LIVE on the feeling.
And I know its probably not, the best thing, but I'll try it anyway, because I know it could be the best thing, it could be the best!
Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear. -- John Lennon
I don't wanna need you, 'coz I can't have you.
Love is like a knife, it can stab the heart or it can carve wonderful images into the soul that will last a lifetime.
Choosing a love and then being strong enough to live up to your commitment of love is the essence of love.
Two things inspire me to awe - the starry heavens above and the morale universe within.
God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I can not change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
If you have love in your heart, you always have something to give.
If there is anything better than to love, it is loving.
You can discover more about a person in an hour of play, than in a year of conversation.
I love you until the day after forever.
To love what you do and feel that it matters - how could anything be more fun.
Love can not be taken it must be given.
God's love is unconditional.
Love is a perfume you cannot pour onto others without getting a few drops on yourself.
The riches that are in the heart can not be stolen. -- Abraham Lincoln
Losing an illusion makes you wiser than finding a truth.
Why waste your time hating when you can enjoy your time loving.
Life is your creation.
Never say good-bye because good-bye is forever.
Time doesn't matter love is forever.
True love is knowing a person's faults, and loving them even more for them.
Cherish the love you had yesterday; that you still have today and look forward to cherishing the love you shall have tomorrow.
Life without love, is a life without meaning.
Love comeforteth like sunshine after rain.
Life is a flower of which love is honey.
LIFE IS FULL OF ROMANCE, PASSION AND SURPRISES, BUT WOULD MEAN NOTHING WITHOUT THE TEARS.
If love is a key, then let her heart be the door.
You complete me.
Where there is love, there is life.
Love means never having to say that your sorry.
Every time I think of you, it is like getting a hug from the inside out.
If I had a single flower for every time I think about you, I could walk forever in my garden.
If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you made me smile, I'd have the entire night sky in the palm of my hand.
The most important part of love is the giving.
I'll be back 'round again. Yes I'll walk in time with you old friend. And we'll find that place that we had danced in so long ago.
My life will be sour grapes and ashes without you.
Hearts will never be made practical until they are made unbreakable.
Love deeply and passionately. You might get hurt, but it's the only way to live life completely.
Losing love is like a window in your heart.
My love for you is so overpowering, I'm afraid it will disappear.
Anyone can be passionate, but it takes real lovers to be silly.
Touch your lips just so I know. In your eyes, love it glows so, I'm bare boned and crazy for you...
Kissing is like drinking salt water; you drink and your thirst increases.
There's a smile in my heart that I've waited my whole life for.
Let your heart guide you. It whispers, so listen carefully.
Your love is like rain to a flower, it needs the rain to live and I'm that flower.
Your smile radiates the warmth of heaven's sunshine upon my heart.
When you have someone so wonderful, you never want to loose them. You do anything in your heart to hold them FOREVER.
When you're in love, you want to be loved and be given lots and lots of loving.
We may give without loving, but we cannot love without giving.
Love is sitting together in the middle of a bench when there is plenty of room on either side.
Love is when you wake up thinking of no one else but, that person!
Love is when your heart beats a trillion times a minute when ever you are with that person.
Love comes from the heart, not the brain. You don't think about it, you just do it.
If the sky where made of paper and the ocean my ink well; I still wouldn't be able to describe how much I love you, and how wonderful you make me feel when I am with you.
Love helps all. Even those who may never return the favor.
Having the heart of a woman, I yearn to have your man's heart be exposed and make me strong.
A man wants to be a woman's first while a woman wants to be a man's last.
A man over time falls in love with the woman he is attracted to, and a woman over time becomes more attracted to the man she loves.
If love is so wonderful, why doesn't everyone love? If love hurts so much, why does anyone love?
You are like the dew that falls from the sky to nourish the earth and I wish I could be the earth.
The most horrible thing that can happen to you in life is to be without love, toilet paper coming to a close second...
Friendship is love minus sex and plus reason. Love is friendship plus sex and minus reason.
The heart is the happiest when it beats for others.
I'm not going to look for love. I'm going to let it find me... and if I never find it, then it wasn't meant to be.
Love is a celestial respiration of the air of paradise.
I came alive when I started loving you. -- C.S. Lewis
Ancient lovers believed a kiss would literally unite their souls, because the spirit was said to be carried in one's breath
Words cannot express how much I love you. You are my love, now and forever!!!
Love is touch, touch is love. Love is feeling, feeling love. Love is knowing, knowing is love.
Don't stop giving love even if you don't recieve it. Smile and have patience.
There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear. -- I John. 4:18
Love is like a sweet flower, true love is a sweet rose...
In lover's sky, all stars are eclipsed by the eyes of the one you love...
All doesn't mean love, but love is all.
Thank you my dear. You came and you did well to come. I needed you. You have made love blaze up in my breast - bless you! Bless you often as the hours have been endless to me while you were gone.
Love is when you love him more then you need him.
You are my prince and you have awakened me from my sowerful slumber.
Love is a special gift of vision, the power to see for a little while what God meant when He made that person. -- Elisabeth Elliot in Passion & Purity
If loves divine, true love you are. If love art mine, then mine you are.
What greater thing is there for two human souls than to feel that they are joined together to strengthen each other in all labour, to minister to each other in all sorrow, to share with each other in all gladness, to be one with each other in the silent unspoken memories.
Love, a simple word, yet, full of abstract meanings...
You make me think of these things to say, no one has ever done that, you are the one responsable for the joy, and love I feel.
You have brought light into my dark life.
You make me want to be a better man.
You are my love...you are my life.
IN THIS SAD WORLD FULL OF GRIEF AND DESPAIR, BEING IN LOVE IS KNOWING YOU HAVE SOMEONE'S HAND TO REACH OUT AND HOLD ONTO THROUGH IT ALL!
I KNOW IT'S RIGHT, BECAUSE YOU WERE THE GUY I WAS WRITING POEMS ABOUT AND DREAMING OF WHEN I WAS 14. IT TOOK 22 YEARS TO FIND YOU, AND IT WAS WELL WORTH THE WAIT.
WHEN YOU'RE IN LOVE, IT'S LIKE HAVING A PIECE OF HEAVENS' GOLDEN GATES IN YOUR POCKET LIKE A GUARDIAN ANGEL!
Look into my eyes and you'll see what your love is doing to me. My eyes have learned to smile.
To love is nothing. To be loved is something. To love and be loved is EVERYTHING!!
The stars are quite like love, love is beautiful and burns on, brightly forever, love is almost mysteriuos just as the stars in the magnificent sky.
Love is all I have left to give.. treasure it.
Love is when you look into someones eyes and go all the way inside, to their soul and you both know... instantly.
Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear. -- John Lennon
You may only be one person to the world but you may also be the world to one person!
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
Sometimes I think that if i wasn't so good at pretending to be, I'd be better at actually being happy...
If you love two people, you don't love either one enough.
I think we dream so we don't have to be apart so long. If we're in each other's dreams, we can be together all the time.
Where we love is home, home that our feet may leave but not our hearts.
There is no greater wonder than the way the face and character of a woman fit so perfectly in a man's mind, and stay there, and he could never tell you why. It just seems it was the thing he most wanted.
Friendship is love without His wings.
Friendship often ends in love, but love in friendship - never.
Love is like water, you can always replinish yourself with it.
To love only for the looks is to only see with your eyes, but to love with your soul is to see with your heart.
It does not bother me to say this isn't love, because if you don't want to talk about it then it isn't love.
Love is not a feeling... Love is an everlasting committment!
Love is God's mistake.
Not all heroes walk in the glamour of the lights, Not all angels have wings, Love is the power that will open your eyes, Love is the sight that lets you see these things.
The grand essentials of happiness are something to do, something to love and something to hope for.
Love is the binding that holds you to your dreams. Love does not come over you, rather you choose to love. Only when you choose to love one forever and you stand by that dedication of love will you truly love for life and live happily ever after.
Someday, somewhere, somehow, ME AND YOU.
While the forbidden fruit is said to taste sweeter, it usually spoils faster.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
Love has many imitations!, but theres only one kind of love!?, and that's what I feel for you?!
If you love somebody enough to say you truly love them, then it must be love.
It's easy to say I love you. But only I do says you're really one, for always.
Tears are the thank you notes of the soul...love is the gift.
You took my hand and lead me to a stair case to the stars.
LOVE ME FOR WHAT I AM, NOT FOR WHAT I HAVE.
IF YOU WANT TO LOVE, LOVE CAREFULLY BECAUSE ONE SIDED LOVE MEANS TOTAL LOSS!
I'm not perfect. You're not perfect. But two people can be perfect together, perfect for each other.
Two people can create a love all their own, but without God's love, there's nothing to be created.
One can live magnificently in this world if one knows how to work and how to love. -- Leo Tolstoy
If the love is true and meant to be, God will tell you through the heart, mind, and soul.
What the conscious mind can't recognize, the heart might know.
A single word relieve us of worries and fears. That word is love.
To love someone else, is God's gift; to love only yourself, is a sin!!
If you have love what more do you need?
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
I always knew I would look back on my tears and laugh but I never knew I would look back at my laughter and cry.
When the mind and the heart are in harmony, and the soul has been ignited... it is called LOVE.
A promise made is a promise forever.
There are moments when lovers need to be apart, in order to love better and more completely.
Love is a dream that comes alive when we meet.
To love is to receive a glimpse of heaven.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
You know you love someone when you want them to be happy even if their happiness means that you're not part of it.
Love goes to love like schoolboys from their books. But love from love, towards school with heavy looks. -- Shakespeare
A woman's love is a man's privilege, not his right.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing. -- Mother Teresa
Love is not the saying of the words but the giving of the self.
Love is not a matter of counting the years... but making the years count.
God is love and if you lose yourself in him you will find yourself.
When I think of you I get this feeling that I want to see you. I miss you.
A whole new world for you and me...
Your Love is like a candle that warms my heart...
Tears are the thank you notes of the soul...love is the gift.
Love is precious Love is pure Love is endless That's for sure
LOVE IS.... ACCEPTING AND FORGIVING FOR THE THINGS YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND.
Love looks not with eyes, but with the mind. -- William Shakespeare
Sometimes, I ask myslef, 'Is it really worth it?' And I answer myself, 'YES!'
Love is a stranger that beckons you on. Don't think of the danger, or the stranger is gone. This dream is for you, so pay the price. Make one dream come true, you only live twice.
I'm all alone and fancy-free, but that ain't the way I want it to be.
They say I loved her? No! The dimple in my left cheek merely had a good opinion of her.
Love is when the woman of your dreams becomes a reality and sleep stops being a priority.
When I say I love you, I mean I accept you the way you are and I expect the same from you.
Love is not love till you give it away.
Love is not just for fun but fun makes love for us.
Love is to share your life with someone you love and love forgets mistakes.
If you ask me about the love, I can't answer you. But if you ask me who I love, the answer is you.
Love is like a rhino, it is shortsighted and hasty. If it cannot find a way, it will make a way.
You know you're in love when you think about that person, and your stomach gets all fuzzy and squishy.
Some say love makes you weak from vulnerability, I say love makes you strong from surviving the fires of passion.
Thy love is an art, you are the picture that I paint when I am blind, when I couldn't see....
Love isn't a kind of game that you should play with but it's love that plays you and me...
If a star fell from the sky everytime that I thought of you there would be none.
Love not for the sake of loving but for LOVE!
No matter where you go, however far away, a part of me will be with you and a part of you, with me, will stay.
There is no way to describe love for mere words would not do it justice.
SWEET IS SUGAR, nice is flower and so are you.
You know your in love when you can see your unborn children in her eyes.
Time may change my life but my hearts remains the same to you. Time may change your heart but my love for you never changes.
Love is not the one where you can picture who you are going to marry, but the one you can't live without.
If the sky were maid of paper and the ocean my ink well I still wouldn't be able to describe how much I love you and how wonderful you make me feel when I am with.
Countless words, nor countless actions could ever define my feelings for you. True love defies definition.
Love is like standing in wet cement. The longer you stay, the harder it is to leave. And you can never go without leaving your shoes behind.
Soft words hold more power than strong hands.
Laughter is the sunshine I can hear.
Never shall I forget the days I spent with you. Continue to be my friend as you shall always find me yours.
Truly loving another means letting go of all expectations. It means full acceptance, even celebration of another's personhood.
The best and most beautiful things cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart.
The heart already knows what the mind can only dream of. Trust your heart.
Better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. Because no matter what, loving yourself can heal anything.
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
Love, love what a beautiful thing. Just think of all the joy it brings. As you stand by yourself on the beach and sing. Love...what a beautiful thing.
And the greatest miracle of all is how I need you and how you needed me too.
To meet and part is the way of life. To part and meet is the hope of life.
Love is patient, love is kind. Love never fails. These three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is Love. -- Saint Paul
You know your in love when every time you close your eyes, you see that special someone.
To love someone is as sweet as vanilla cone with a cherry on top.
Love is when you find someone you can tell your deepest darkest secrets to.
A dark seemful bliss remembering a midnight winter's kiss.
My heart love till now for sweared sight, for I never saw true beauty till this night. -- from Shakespeare's Romeo & Juliet
The eyes are the gateway to the soul. A person's eyes tell everything about them.
Listen to my heart beat as it goes, Thump, Thump, Thump. It is saying 'I love you' 'I love you' 'I love you'
When I am with you, I really wish time had broken wngs.
Love is blind, but your friends aren't
I don't miss you and you alone... I miss you and me together.
Love denies gravity, letting me fly into the skies.
I'd like to meet you in a timeless, placeless place; somewhere out of context and beyond all consequences.
Green is the grass, blue is the sky, you are the apple of my eye.
They say beauty is in the eye of the beholder. If so stand still and behold the beauty god has created.
Be comforted and don't be lonely. The sun shines on you by day, and the moon and the stars reflect their light on you by night; Thus you are loved by those around you, with an unceasing, bright love. Hold this love in your hopes and remember it in your prayers.
If you always love who you always liked then you'll always get who you always got.
Love is like a storm. It is calm and soothing. It is natural and essential. It is powerful and fulfilling and nothing can get in it's way.
Love is like a good book, once you open it you may not want to close it.
Life is a game we play. Love is the reason we play it.
Even though my love is as big as a dime, still it'll stand the test of time.
Why do I think I love you? I'd rather see you smiling than see you naked...
This may sound selfish, but, I hope that I die before you do, my love, because I never want to know the pain of what it's like to be without you.
You live to be loved, and you die to be remebered.
When I saw you I thought I had you, when I lost you I realised I never had you.
Follow the path your heart lays for you, for it will never deceive you. 
We found each other somewhere between the day and the night... amidst the past and the future... and now we are tangled up with each other.
To love someone is to see a miracle invisible to others.
If you kiss someone that you do not love it's great. But just think of kissing someone that you truly and madly are in love with. There is no greater feel than that.
If you truly love her, if you ever break-up, your heart will always go on. That is true love.
Power is one thing, Money and Power are two things, But LOVE is everything.
I love you more than I miss you. If you put that in numbers, you will need more than just a computer.
I love you more than I miss you. If you put that in numbers, you will need more than just a computer.
Don't marry a person you can live with, marry somebody you can't live without.
I love not how beautiful you are, but beautiful you are in my heart.
You are that pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.
A man without love is only half a man.
Why is it that when we talk to God we're said to be praying, but when God talks to us we're schizophrenic?
A great lover is not one who loves many, but one who loves one woman for life.
Don't rely on the past to create the future, rely on the future to erase the past.
What the eye can't see, the heart can not grieve over...
You and love came into my life at the very same moment.
Relationships born out of desperation, seldom last longer than relationships fashioned out of despair.
When you're not here something's missing... my smile.
In the end the love you take is equal to the love you make!
Love starts with a glance that turns into a stare that enters your heart and you are never the same.
There is only one happiness in life, to love or to be loved.
Love isn't blind. It just isn't looking your way at the moment.
Love is beautiful, go out and catch you one.
Love... like a gun, often kills.
Just because something won't last forever doesn't mean it can't last a lifetime.
Sometimes I think if I blink, you'll disappear.
I just can't imagine life without you anymore, but I'm so afraid you'll go away.
Once you see into somoeone's soul, you're attached forever.
Love is a beautiful dream and sometimes you just wake up.
A kiss can be a comma, a question mark, or an exclamation point.
PASSION: There are some things in life that catch your eye... and then there are those that capture your heart...Pursue those.
I am who I am and I do what I must... to serve is my purpose... devotion am I
Boyfriends come and go, but friends are forever.
Love is free... it is given, it doesn't expect anything back... not taken, but accepted.
There may be many flowers in a man's life, but there is only one rose.
Love is the shortest distance between two people.
Where there is music... there is Love.
Love makes us all a little weaker, but in the end we all turn out a little stronger.
Love will die if held too tightly; love will fly if held too lightly.
If I love you, what business is that of yours?
If you love someone tell them, don't wait or else you will loss the chance...
Love is a cruel misstress that comes and goes as she pleases.
Love is when you want to reach inside another's body and join your heart to other's.
I only wish to be the fountain of love from which you drink, every drop promising eternal passion.
Loving, knowing that you are going to get hurt is like living knowing that you are going to die. But not loving so you don't get hurt is like killing yourself before you die.
IT ONLY TAKES A SECOND TO SAY I LOVE YOU BUT IT WILL TAKE A LIFETIME TO SHOW YOU HOW MUCH!
Love is like a storm. It is calm and soothing. It is natural and essential. It is powerful and fulfilling and nothing can get in it's way.
The stolen kisses are always the sweetest.
Live to love because if you miss love you miss life.
Love: Two souls with the same thinking, two hearts with the same beating.
Everyday is Valentine with you beside. The rose had wilted but let you be mine.
Love is the wind under your wings
You don't love a girl because of beauty. You love her because she sings a song only you can understand...
Love hurts when you know that it will never come true.
All my life I pray for someone like you and I thank God that I finally found you.
Did my heart love till now? For swear it sight, for I never saw true beauty till this night. -- William Shakespeare--Romeo and Juliet
It's like you want to show that special someone why you love them right then and there, but it takes a life time to show that person, and that's the beauty of love and what makes it last.
Love is an enigma. Suddenly you fall in love and from that moment your heart starts to ache and you are in pain. Love is your spirit's desease. Be strong--do not cry. Hope that love will cure your pain, your heart.
True love is when you're still dancing, long after the music has stopped.
Everybody is somebodys daydream.
You must surrender to love to know its glory; one who truly feels love also knows pain equally as well.
Love, sweet love, why art thou so complex?
This too shall pass.
I had the worst dream last night that some phyco was trying to break the two of you up... fortunatly I woke up to find the world just as it should be. For my best friend has won the best man.
My love is like a tree, the roots of which grow deeper every day; I have no ways of uprooting it.
Anything I could do to make your heart overflow with all great emotions, I would constantly do for eternity.
A tear falls forever inside a broken heart. 
Love is a magical dream; existing forever in our minds.
Angels capture love and sprinkle it upon our hearts.
An enchanting mind showers glowing warmth throughout our hearts.
Love is true, love is kind, if you don't look for love, you'll be left behind.
Love makes us all a little weaker, but in the end we all turn out a little stronger.
Love will die if held too tightly; love will fly if held too lightly.
If you love someone tell them, don't wait or else you will loss the chance...
Love is a cruel misstress that comes and goes as she pleases.
Love is when you want to reach inside another's body and join your heart to other's.
I only wish to be the fountain of love from which you drink, every drop promising eternal passion.
Loving, knowing that you are going to get hurt is like living knowing that you are going to die. But not loving so you don't get hurt is like killing yourself before you die.
IT ONLY TAKES A SECOND TO SAY I LOVE YOU BUT IT WILL TAKE A LIFETIME TO SHOW YOU HOW MUCH!
The stolen kisses are always the sweetest.
Live to love because if you miss love you miss life.
Love: Two souls with the same thinking, two hearts with the same beating.
Everyday is Valentine with you beside. The rose had wilted but let you be mine.
Love is the wind under your wings
You don't love a girl because of beauty. You love her because she sings a song only you can understand...
Love hurts when you know that it will never come true.
All my life I pray for someone like you and I thank God that I finally found you.
Love adds a precious seeing to the eye... -- William Shakespeare
Love is two way traffic, too much effort may cause traffic jams.
Love is the most beautiful of expressions, not to be hidden, but to be shared with you.
Love is nothing without friendship.
If missing you, is the hardest part of my life. -- Then soften it please, and be my wife.
How blessed I am that I can walk beside you, lean upon you, and live within the warmth of your love.
Music is love in search of a work.
Today is another day whereby our love can grow even more.
Love is blind so they say, yet only then do you see so well!
Sometimes you don't realize how much you care for someone, until they stop caring for you.
Did you know that we all have this big time bomb inside of us? Yeah, it's called love.
The things I remember most about being in love, is the joy that lasted for a while, the smiles, the way you held me, and all the tears I cried for deceiving me.
When I look into your eyes I see forever.
Love is the most important treasure for which we're here, living.
I will always love you more than yesterday.
Scared to take the step and unsure of it's future but knowing it needs to be taken or you can't move forward.
If love is so important to have that one doesn't want to lose it, why is it when we find true love we often don't notice it?
Are we more afraid of what we can see or what is unseen? 
We have a crazy love that will last for a lifetime.
A Kiss is just another reminder that two heads are better than one.
No matter how smart someone is, they'll never realize what they have, until it is gone...
You never know what you have until it's gone!
Love is like an open book, once you've opened it, you may never want to close it...
Sometimes...we have to be alone...
OH. I just remembered how your hands fit the curve of my waist and how your smiles fit the curve of my mind.
If you really love someone, you're willing to let go even if it hurts so bad. And when he/she comes back to you, that's TRUE LOVE.
I want to stand with you on a mountain, I want to bath with you in the sea, I want to lay like this forever, until the sky falls down on me.
I'll go for miles 'till I find you
Cause I'm holding on with a love so strong and I can't take a day without you by my side.
 Love never dies.
Everytime I feel your heartbeat, it is a gentle reminder of the soul that lives within.
We've got this great gift of love, but love is like a precious plant. You can't just accept it and leave it in the cupboard or just think it is going to get on by itself. You've got to keep watering it. You've got to really look after it and nurture it. -- John Lennon, 1969
Falling in love consists merely in uncorking the imagination and bottling the common sense. -- Helen Rowland, 1922
Love sneaks up on you, like a gentle summer breeze caressing and enveloping you with warmth.
Whoso loves believes the impossible... -- Elizabeth Barrett Browning, 1857
He who is in love is wise and is becoming wiser, sees newly everytime he looks at the object beloved, drawing from it with his eyes and his mind those virtues which it possesses. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson, 1841
Some people come into our lives and quickly go. Some people stay a while and leave footprints on our hearts and we are never the same.
Love is like a precious jewel.. You do not realize what you have till it begins to shine. After you see the glow, you can never live without it.
The true love is only in the mind... never to be real unless it flows in the heart.
Love, is like water, we take it for granted. Thus, when it is gone, it becomes crucial.
Once in a while, the gift of love will come to us in full blossom, and we will take hold of it.If love chooses to leave then set it free. It would surely come back if it's meant for you. Just be glad that it came to live for a moment in your life.
Insanity and love are very much alike...you're crazy in both states.
Love- infinite translations, but each never the same.
Loving someone is loving that someone despite that person's flaws and weakness.
Love is like war: Easy to begin, but hard to end.
Love is more easily demonstrated than defined!
Thoughts of you warm my heart like a moon lit summer night.
You know it is love when you want to keep holding hands even after they are sweaty.
I chased after love for what seemed forever, but it was when I stopped to take a rest that it found me.
If I am there to see the world end, I will stand firm if but your hand is yet in mine.
On my wedding day, I hope to say, I shall miss the tragedy of lost loves, but I am off to wed my bliss.
There may be loves found and lost, and my heart broken, but now, at this moment, the hope of love to come makes me smile.
Did my heart love till now? For swear it sight, for I never saw true beauty till this night. -- William Shakespeare--Romeo and Juliet
It's like you want to show that special someone why you love them right then and there, but it takes a life time to show that person, and that's the beauty of love and what makes it last.
Love is an enigma. Suddenly you fall in love and from that moment your heart starts to ache and you are in pain. Love is your spirit's desease. Be strong--do not cry. Hope that love will cure your pain, your heart.
True love is when you're still dancing, long after the music has stopped.
Everybody is somebodys daydream.
You must surrender to love to know its glory; one who truly feels love also knows pain equally as well.
Love, sweet love, why art thou so complex?
This too shall pass.
I had the worst dream last night that some phyco was trying to break the two of you up... fortunatly I woke up to find the world just as it should be. For my best friend has won the best man.
My love is like a tree, the roots of which grow deeper every day; I have no ways of uprooting it.
Anything I could do to make your heart overflow with all great emotions, I would constantly do for eternity.
A tear falls forever inside a broken heart. 
Love is a magical dream; existing forever in our minds.
Angels capture love and sprinkle it upon our hearts.
An enchanting mind showers glowing warmth throughout our hearts.
Love is true, love is kind, if you don't look for love, you'll be left behind.
The moment I looked in your eyes I fell in love. Everytime I look I fall in love again. I've looked so many times, and have gathered so much love. I have so much to carry with me I don't know what to do. So I'm thinking of putting my love together and sharing some with YOU!
Doubt the stars are fire. Doubt the sun doth move. Doubt truth to be a liar. But never doubt I love. -- William Shakespeare
The fire which seems out often sleeps beneath the cinders.
I like not only to be loved, but to be told I am loved. -- George Eliot
The most precious possession that ever comes to a man in this world is a woman's heart.
If you don't love too much, you don't love enough.
You will never know love, unless you surrender to it.
You don't know what you have until you've lost it, so don't let it get away.
If you harness your power you can make any man love you, just not the ones who know you personally.
Love is like a volcano, it is always there and never leaves, but it erupts without warning and only when it wants to. It's uncontrollable.
Love does not bind with chains and demands, love gives the soul wings. Love teaches freedom and happiness and gives inner peace.
Love is a rebellion which needs a glory.
Love is life, and I shall live!
Teach me how I should forget to think
Why does the sun go on shining, why does the ocean run to shore, don't they know it's the end of the world, it's the end of the world because you don't love me anymore.
Some dreams are better from a far.
If you do not love, you are not real, for love is the only real thing in this world of dreams.
To love is to live by your consequence.
You can only love a person when you are willing to cry over them.
Hold love in your arms and cradle it dear, for it only comes but once.
When love seems to be on the edge, tie a rope to it's end and hold on, just hold on...
If loving you would mean heartbreak and endless quarrels, it would be worth it.
If living life would mean loving you for the rest of my life, I would take the chance.
Love is only a once in a lifetime offer.
I love you, I really do, but making me your whole life won't do much good for you. Love me enough to let me go.
True love never goes smooth.
I love your passion, you make me respond so easily. I feel your touch. I become so alive at the sound of your voice. I want to lay beside you till the end of time. How can this be? We haven't even met!
Love starts with a smile grows with a kiss and ends with a tear.
Friends stand by each other through thick and thin, every time you need me I will always be there for you. You make me happy, you make me laugh, you are the best friend anyone can ever have. Best Friends.
True love is unconditional and everlasting, it is established over time and validated with memories of the past.
If you've got love you can move a mountain a little bit further down the line. You can do it all at once or one rock at a time. It can turn an ordinary picture into a priceless work of art. There's nothing you can't do if you've got love in your heart.
Love is a story book that writes for itself.
Love is stronger than pride, so when you love someone, tell them and never let go.
My love is all i have to give with out you I don't think I could live and I wish could give the world to you but my love is all I have to give.
LOVE is truly a 'MAGIC'.
Your love is like a sweet, gentle breeze caressing the very essence of my soul.
Love in the heart wasn't put there to stay, Love isn't love 'till it's given away!
Love is being able to give up what you want so others don't get hurt.
Love is you and love is me, with each other you have nothing but memories to fill the empty spaces in your heart. Don't give up on the search for love, for you never know what the future has in store for you.
Love is the sweetest of dreams, and the worst of nightmares. -- from Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream
Do you trust me?
Your happiness is my happiness. I love you therefor, I must let you go.
Love means never doubting anything. It means trusting and being honest with each other.
A lost love is a part of you that will always remain empty. A love that could've been shared forever.
I love you and you love me. That's all we'll ever need.
True, there are plenty of fish in the sea, but there are only a few mermaids.
In order to know love, one must live it.
Love is a feeling that wakes you up before your alarm.
Love is what we all live for and we don't realize it till we've found it.
Your kisses, your heavenly touch will keep me from letting go of your loss. I will always remember your gentle words. Love lasts forever.
I will always love you and when I love you I start to realize that you were meant for me.
Love is something that grows from friendship.
You should sing like no ones listening, dance like no ones watching, and love like its never gonna hurt!
One man has given my soul a contentment so absolute that it will forevermore see him as its true creator.
Life without friendship is death without witness.
Drink to me only with thine eyes, And I will pledge with mine; Or leave a kiss but in the cup, And I'll not look for wine.
Love is a wonderful thing. You never have to take it away from one person to give it to another. There's always more than enough to go around.
The greatest gift is a portion of thyself.
Love not a man who has not courage.
Thou art to me a delicious torment.
Love is the rhythm of two hearts beating, sounding out a message, steady and true. Talk to me baby, tell me what you're feeling. I know what love is, What's it to you?
Even if the sun refused to shine, even if romance ran out of rhyme; you would still have heart until the end of time. You're all I need, my love, my Valentine.
Kissing helps to show the love you have for someone, but real love starts in the heart and not the lips.
Love is not in the words 'I love you' but in the actions 'I'll show you'.
A true and great love can bear the pain and the longtitude of waiting even if it takes forever.
It is because you are different from anyone else that you are special.
Hate has a reason for everything but LOVE is unreasonable.
Love is respect, love is admiration. Love is all the world can give you, and love is dedication. Love is the funny feeling in your stomach, the shaking of the knees, the sweaty palms, the dry mouth, and the sense of ease. Love never withers.
Let me not love you, for the rest of your life, but, for the rest of mine.
The friend of my adversity I shall always cherish most. I can better trust those who helped to relieve the gloom of my dark hours than those who are so ready to enjoy with me the sunshine of my prosperity.
Love is a feeling that flows through the air when two people are together and know that they care.
Time has passed, the season has changed, but the words, still remain the same.
I do not have to see heaven, because I see heaven in your lovely heart.
The day is done, the night is gone, but the dreams are yet to be done!
I feel... I think... I know... Therefore I am...
Watching you fall asleep I long for tomorrow.
I once dreamed of a place where I saw you, and only you, forever.
I hate the stars becauseI look at the same ones as you do, without you.
You can tell me to drop dead, I will and the last thing to escape my lips would be your name.
It's better now... sometimes there are whole days when I think of you only now and then.
I wasn't kissing her, I was whispering in her mouth.
I love, therefore I am.
Pain is the price lovers pay.
It is better to travel hopefully than to arrive. -- Robert Louis Stevenson
If only I could remain as wonderfully clear and strong, my sweet love, as before my heart was stolen.
When you are in love nothing matters except that the other person is happy.
Follow your heart and may all your dreams and wishes come true.
Just always remember that even when we are apart I will be missing you!!
Love is not seen by the mind through sight, it is seen by the heart and soul by emotion.
My life has been awaiting you, your footfall was my own hearts beat.
If I could be with you forever, my life would be complete.
I could get lost looking into your eyes.
True love is like a rainbow in the sky who always have different colors.
The love which spread in the wind is the love full of courage.
Love is astounding~if only we could find the right one to fit our being.
True love can only be exprseed when both partners love each other.
True love is the strongest emotion that cannot be broken.
I can only love you, not for the rest of your life, but for the rest of mine.
Love adds a precious seeing to the eye... -- William Shakespeare
Love is two way traffic, too much effort may cause traffic jams.
Love is the most beautiful of expressions, not to be hidden, but to be shared with you.
Love is nothing without friendship.
If missing you, is the hardest part of my life. -- Then soften it please, and be my wife.
How blessed I am that I can walk beside you, lean upon you, and live within the warmth of your love.
Music is love in search of a work.
Today is another day whereby our love can grow even more.
Love is blind so they say, yet only then do you see so well!
Sometimes you don't realize how much you care for someone, until they stop caring for you.
Did you know that we all have this big time bomb inside of us? Yeah, it's called love.
The things I remember most about being in love, is the joy that lasted for a while, the smiles, the way you held me, and all the tears I cried for deceiving me.
When I look into your eyes I see forever.
Love is the most important treasure for which we're here, living.
I will always love you more than yesterday.
Scared to take the step and unsure of it's future but knowing it needs to be taken or you can't move forward.
If love is so important to have that one doesn't want to lose it, why is it when we find true love we often don't notice it?
Are we more afraid of what we can see or what is unseen? 
We have a crazy love that will last for a lifetime.
A Kiss is just another reminder that two heads are better than one.
No matter how smart someone is, they'll never realize what they have, until it is gone...
You never know what you have until it's gone!
Love is like an open book, once you've opened it, you may never want to close it...
Sometimes...we have to be alone...
OH. I just remembered how your hands fit the curve of my waist and how your smiles fit the curve of my mind.
If you really love someone, you're willing to let go even if it hurts so bad. And when he/she comes back to you, that's TRUE LOVE.
I want to stand with you on a mountain, I want to bath with you in the sea, I want to lay like this forever, until the sky falls down on me.
I'll go for miles 'till I find you
Cause I'm holding on with a love so strong and I can't take a day without you by my side.
Love never dies.
Everytime I feel your heartbeat, it is a gentle reminder of the soul that lives within.
We've got this great gift of love, but love is like a precious plant. You can't just accept it and leave it in the cupboard or just think it is going to get on by itself. You've got to keep watering it. You've got to really look after it and nurture it. -- John Lennon, 1969
Falling in love consists merely in uncorking the imagination and bottling the common sense. -- Helen Rowland, 1922
Love sneaks up on you, like a gentle summer breeze caressing and enveloping you with warmth.
Whoso loves believes the impossible... -- Elizabeth Barrett Browning, 1857
He who is in love is wise and is becoming wiser, sees newly everytime he looks at the object beloved, drawing from it with his eyes and his mind those virtues which it possesses.  -- Ralph Waldo Emerson, 1841
Some people come into our lives and quickly go. Some people stay a while and leave footprints on our hearts and we are never the same.
Love is like a precious jewel.. You do not realize what you have till it begins to shine. After you see the glow, you can never live without it.
The true love is only in the mind... never to be real unless it flows in the heart.
Love, is like water, we take it for granted. Thus, when it is gone, it becomes crucial.
Once in a while, the gift of love will come to us in full blossom, and we will take hold of it.If love chooses to leave then set it free. It would surely come back if it's meant for you. Just be glad that it came to live for a moment in your life.
Insanity and love are very much alike...you're crazy in both states.
Love- infinite translations, but each never the same.
Loving someone is loving that someone despite that person's flaws and weakness.
Love is like war: Easy to begin, but hard to end.
Love is more easily demonstrated than defined!
Thoughts of you warm my heart like a moon lit summer night.
You know it is love when you want to keep holding hands even after they are sweaty.
I chased after love for what seemed forever, but it was when I stopped to take a rest that it found me.
If I am there to see the world end, I will stand firm if but your hand is yet in mine.
On my wedding day, I hope to say, I shall miss the tragedy of lost loves, but I am off to wed my bliss.
There may be loves found and lost, and my heart broken, but now, at this moment, the hope of love to come makes me smile.
Now let us play hide and seek. Should you hide in my heart it would not be difficult to find you. But should you hide behind your own shell, then it would be useless for anyone to seek you. 
The bad things in life open your eyes to the good things you weren't paying attention to before.  -- Good Will Hunting
Love is a fire that reigns in the heart. 
When the day of ressurection comes only my heart will keep on pounding, repeating relentlessely your name, my sweetest angel....my one and only love! 
Love is like a river, never ending as it flows, but gets greater with time! 
Hold my hand and I'll take you there, somehow, someday, somewhere...  -- West Side Story
Love knows not what time is. 
I would rather have one smell of her hair or one touch of her hand than an eternity without it. 
Sometimes someone says something really small and it fits right into this empty place in your heart. 
There comes a time in every life we find the heart we're looking for. -- LeAnn Rimes
Love is like swallowing hot chocolate before it has cooled off. It takes you by surprise at first, but keeps you warm for a long time.
The sound of a kiss is much softer than that of a canon - but it's echo lasts a great deal longer.
Death can not stop true love, it can only delay it for a little while. -- The Princess Bride
If it's wrong to love you,then my heart just wont let me be right.
Love is a journey not a destination.
Love is a precious gift that you receive, and you need to give it with caution!
Love is happiness given back and forth.
Love is the only game never postponed due to darkness.
The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree, but still hold hands.
Love is when two people, with their eyes closed can see heaven.
When love comes so strong there is no right or wrong. Your love is your love -- West Side Story 
Never question if you are in love or not....because if you were...you wouldn't need to ask.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly. What is essential is invisible to the eye.
What's meant to be will always find a way.
Dedicate your life to God, though choose carefully who you dedicate your love to.
Money and power only last the hour, but friendship and love withstand the sky above.
People need love the most when they deserve it the least.
Two souls meet and discover they were not meant to be -- hence, they part. Yet unconditional love is found when the two spirits meet again, and now become friends.
Without Love there are no dreams
Love is in your heart not to stay, but to be shared.
...And in the sound of a falling star is joy and sadness uniting love...
The great tragedy of life is not that men perish, but that they cease to love.
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the heart and soul!
When you love a woman, you see your world inside her eyes.
In her love, I am the hero, the king,the poet, and alive without her love, I am nothing at all, not even truly alive.
You attract people by the qualities you display. You keep them by the qualities you possess.
To let them laugh without you when laughter brought them to you is the hardest part of losing them...but it shows the strongest part of you, your heart.
For remember, my sentimental friend, a heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others. -- The Wizard Of Oz
Even though were far apart I love you dearly with all my heart.
It takes a second to say I love you but a lifetime to show it.
Love is like salted water... the more you drink the more your thirst increases.
Some girls are worth fighting for, but some are worth dying for.
What's a relationship without a little risk and faith?
Love means making the other happy, even from a distance.
Love is like the air we breathe. It may not always be seen, but it is always felt and used and needed.
A relationship is a two way street. It's never all your fault or the other person's. You go into the relationship together and work through it all together.
Some day, after we have mastered the winds and the waves, the tides and gravity, we will harness the energies of love. And, for the second time in the history of the world, man will have discovered fire.
To the world we may just be someone, but to someone we may just be the world.
Love is not a feeling it's a sensation.
My heart is an open door waiting for you to enter.
When you love someone, you pick up the little things and magically turn them into something special.
Love may exist for years and then one day it hits home!
When you have nothing left but love, then for the first time you become aware that love is enough.
Love is not love if it is conditional.
Some say love is life, but love without hope and faith is an agonizing death.
Respect is what we owe, love is what we give.
You fail to see the one who loves you standing right in front as does she fail to see you love her in turn. Don't wait to tell her because it might be to late then.
The one who breaks your heart is a devil of his love, but the victim is the angel and the light that shines above.
Love is a box waiting to be opened by the right recipient.
All that I am, all that I see, all that I dream and I do are brighter and more beautiful and meaningful because of my feelings for you.
Long ago and far away I found love. Now, years later, that love found me!
It is better to go for someone who loves you rather than someone who you love.
Know that what you fear is what you find. And what I feared the most is what I found yesterday (the day we broke up).
If there were no words, no way to speak, I would still hear you. If there were no tears no way to feel inside, I'd still feel for you
For me, you are the queen, the rest is just the rest.
Love is when you find yourself spending every wish on him
Sometimes you have to love someone enough to let them go.
No sooner met but they looked, no sooner looked than they loved than they sighed, no sooner sighed but they asked one another the reason, no sooner knew the reason but they sought the remedy -- William Shakespeare
Love can make you do things that you never thought possible! -- Phil Collins
The rose that you gave me has faded, and wilted away. But the love tucked in deep inside remains in my heart forever.
Tell him, tell him that the sun and moon rise in his eyes, reach out to him. And whisper tender words so soft and sweet, hold him close to feel his heart beat. Love will be the gift you give yourself. -- Celine Dion
I would give up anything just to be with you.
Once in awhile right in the middle of an ordinary life love gives us a fairy tale.
The best way to love is to love like you have never been hurt.
Love is the salutation of the angel to the stars. -- Victor Hugo
I was reborn when you first kissed me. Part of me died when you left me. But now I still live, waiting for the day you return to me.
Love is not to be purchased....and affection has no price. -- St. Jerome
Love is my religion!
Love comes from the heart and can't be denied.
Love is like a flower... give it some time, patience and lots of TLC and watch it bloom into something wonderful before your eyes.
Oh, love is real enough; you will find it someday, but it has one archenemy--and that is life.
To live is like to love-all reason is against it, and all healthy instinct for it.
You know it's love when it you grew into it instead of fell in it!
If he is the first thing you think of when you wake up, the only thing you think of when you're awake, and the last thing you think of before you go to bed, then he is really somebody special.
Amid the gloom and travail of existence suddenly to behold a beautiful being... and as instantaneously to feel an overwhelming conviction, that with that fair form, our destinies must be entwined... this is love.
Anything is possible, when it comes to love.
What is more important to you the love you share, the memories you have or the lover? Give love a chance to swallow you up. Don't just think it will happen in a instant, it will suprise you before you know it but it will be the most rewarding experience you will ever have.
I loved him like no other man... I did not love his laugh. I did not love his smile. I did not need his touch. But the one thing I needed from him was for him to always be there.
Parting of loving someone is learning to let go.
Go ahead and say it-I love you- you can say it a thousand times. But true love doesn't need to be told.
Every moment with out you, is a moment of time lost.
Marriage may be made in heaven, but the maintenance must be done on earth.
If I was blind, you would make me see. If I was deaf, you would make me hear, and if I was dumb, a word would come out of the boundaries of my lips.
Love is afraid of losing you!
Love is like war: easy to begin but hard to stop.
Love is knowing you are the bud from which his happiness blossoms.
If you once said I will love you more than anyone till the day I die, and that person leaves you; how will you say I love you more than anyone again or should you say that?
Love for a loss can make you die, but love for a life will grant you immortality.
Love is like the weather... Sometimes it forces you to withdraw even when you don't want to stay inside, while other times it is the best of times and you keep yourself inside.
I'd walk half way around the world... for just one kiss from you...
Your love as far as I can see is all I'm ever gonna need.
To love someone is to give a friend a chance to get in your heart.
Though miles may lie between us, we're never far apart, for friendship doesn't count the miles, it's measured by the heart. 
A failing love is like desperately hanging on to something precious, not wanting to give up but your hands feel the pain. And when you finally let go, you're free from any pain but your hands are empty. 
Some say it is a sin to love, I never did ask why, But if I sin in loving you, I'll sin until I die! 
Love...An emotion So strong that you would give up everything...To just feel it once...To know that you are part of something special...To know that you can feel what Love really is...To know...To feel...To love. 
In your absence my heart grows stronger. In your presence I fall in love again. 
Love is like a rose, the special one grows in the winter. 
If I love you this much, and I'm not the one for you, then the one for you will be everything I am..and everything I'm not. 
No matter how ugly you think you are, that special someone that loves you believes you are the most beautiful and irrisistable thing on earth and nothing can ever change that. 
Love and electricity are one in the same, my dear.... if you do not feel the jolt in your soul every time a kiss is shared, a whisper is spoken, a touch is felt, then your not really in love at all.... 
Love needs no map, for it can find it's way blind-folded.
Your first love is not always your truest love.
Love is the pasion that we feel inside of our hearts that we can't hide. We pretend to hide it but it burns us more and more until the pain grows and grows and it never ends.
Let love rule thy heart, logic rule thy mind and faith rule your soul.
You need trust to love, but first you need to love in order to trust.
To love someone is to understand each other, to laugh together, to smile with your heart and to trust one another. One important thing is to let each other go if you can't do this.
God's gift to me is you and you are the air that I breathe.
Love is looking at him and knowing that even if you can't be with him, you feel happy because he is happy with someone else.
My favorite place to be is inside of your hugs where its warm and loving.
To love someone is nothing. To be loved by someone is something. To love and be loved by someone is everything.
I could never hurt you. If I did, I'd be hurting myself too because when you have a love like ours, our hearts feel the same.
When speaking of lost love, time may heal all wounds but there will always be scars.
You know it's love when he tells you that you look gorgeous first thing in the morning after a hard night out!
If you have the courage to love, you have the courage to suffer.
Only God's creations can compare to the beauty that I see in you! My love for you is infinite... without limits.
We have been through the fire, it almost tore us apart; What we have is stronger than steel, a bond of the heart..
If love is music in its purest form, then you are the notes on the page and the melody in my heart.
Breaking up is not a stupid thing, instead it make you a better person and realize your mistakes.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I can not change, the strength to change the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference.
To love someone is to learn the song that is in that persons heart, and to sing it to them when they have forgotten.
If you have to say you love me..it's because I need to know..if you want to say you love me..it's because you want me to know..but saying that you love me is simply because you do...I love you too!
Love is the only thing that can be divided endlessly and never diminish.
Every man loves two women; one is the creation of his imagination, and the other is not yet born.
Men who do not forgive women their little faults will never enjoy their great virtues.
When you were born, you were crying and everyone around you was smiling... Live your life so that when you die, you're smiling and everyone around you is crying.
The first sigh of love is the last of wisdom.
Love is something silent, but it can be louder than anything when it talks.
A Relationship is like a train. If one passes, then the next one will come - I'm sure - and if you get off the train, you'll realize that everything is the same.
Love starts with a smile, goes on with a kiss, and ends with tears.
Love is strong, but once it's broken it can never be fixed.
Love is when the things you detest, you become in love with. And when your views are wrong the one who you love will hear you out and understand you.
Let no one be satisfied with simple physical pleasure cause it doesn't approach fleeting bliss if one's soul still shrieks for it's mate and the love it is due.
You hold my soul's serenity in the palm of your hand, so treat it with care and gentleness.
The love is like the wind in my hands. So easy to feel but so hard to catch.
Love me for a second, and I will make that second last a lifetime!
You made my life easier with the softness of your eyes.
Love is like a golden chain that link our hearts together and if you ever break that chain, you'll break my heart forever...
A true friend walks in when the whole world walks out.
Who shall say that the maiden so pretty and fair shall always have the greater man and the ogre who walks to the beat of thundering clouds will never find her prince?
Will I wait a lonely lifetime? If you want me to, I will. -- The Beatles
The best dreams happen when you're awake.
And if your feeling scared remember the times we had. You know it meant everything to me.
A ring is round, it turns forever and that's how long we'll be together!
Doubt thou the stars are fire, doubt that the sun doth move, doubt truth to be a liar but never doubt that I love. -- W. Shakesphere
I Love you with the breath, the smiles and the tears of all my life.
I would give up everything for one moment with you, for one moment is better than a life time of never knowing you.
You know you truly love someone when everyday you meet is like the first time you fall in love.
Saying I love you is important, but not enough. Remember... Love is a VERB, an action word. Sometimes passive because it happens to us but also active, because we CHOOSE to do it.
When I look in your eyes I see the love we have for each other.
Never let anyone tell you what is in your heart! It is what you are feeling, not them.
Always follow your heart. It knows the best and it will lead you in the right direction.
Love is just a feeling until it is shared with someone who loves you. Then it is your life.
Is it fair to expect a child to recognize their true love when they come face to face with them? That would be wisdom indeed.
Letting go has never been easy but holding on can be as difficult, for strength is measured not by holding on but by letting go.
She's a lovely person, she deserves a good husband. Marry her before she finds one.
A special friend is a blessing that you should treasure with all your heart...
When it rains, look for the rainbow.
To see unconditional love look to the eyes of a child.
Self sacrifice is the greatest expression of love.
If the eye is a window to the soul then the heart is the doorway to love.
Honesty may not win friends but it can touch hearts.
Though miles may lie between us, we're never far apart, for friendship doesn't count the miles, it's measured by the heart. 
A failing love is like desperately hanging on to something precious, not wanting to give up but your hands feel the pain. And when you finally let go, you're free from any pain but your hands are empty. 
Some say it is a sin to love, I never did ask why, But if I sin in loving you, I'll sin until I die! 
Love... An emotion So strong that you would give up everything... To just feel it once... To know that you are part of something special... To know that you can feel what Love really is... To know... To feel... To love. 
In your absence my heart grows stronger. In your presence I fall in love again. 
Love is like a rose, the special one grows in the winter. 
If I love you this much, and I'm not the one for you, then the one for you will be everything I am..and everything I'm not. 
No matter how ugly you think you are, that special someone that loves you believes you are the most beautiful and irrisistable thing on earth and nothing can ever change that. 
Love and electricity are one in the same, my dear.... if you do not feel the jolt in your soul every time a kiss is shared, a whisper is spoken, a touch is felt, then your not really in love at all.... 
Though miles may lie between us, we're never far apart, for friendship doesn't count the miles, it's measured by the heart. 
A failing love is like desperately hanging on to something precious, not wanting to give up but your hands feel the pain. And when you finally let go, you're free from any pain but your hands are empty. 
Some say it is a sin to love, I never did ask why, But if I sin in loving you, I'll sin until I die! 
Love...An emotion So strong that you would give up everything...To just feel it once...To know that you are part of something special...To know that you can feel what Love really is...To know...To feel...To love. 
In your absence my heart grows stronger. In your presence I fall in love again. 
Love is like a rose, the special one grows in the winter. 
If I love you this much, and I'm not the one for you, then the one for you will be everything I am..and everything I'm not. 
No matter how ugly you think you are, that special someone that loves you believes you are the most beautiful and irrisistable thing on earth and nothing can ever change that. 
Love and electricity are one in the same, my dear.... if you do not feel the jolt in your soul every time a kiss is shared, a whisper is spoken, a touch is felt, then your not really in love at all.... 
If you love someone, you should just say it out loud right when you feel it, or the moment will pass you by. -- My Best Friends Wedding
You and her that's what you want. You and me...that's what I dream.
Love is like a rhino, it is short sighted and hasty; if it cannot find a way, it will make a way.
Don't love someone because of his outstanding physical looks, you love him for his outstanding heart!
He cares for you because he loves you, and you love him for being so caring to you!
Hate is the only love that has missed it's way.
I'll surrender my world to you if that is the only way I could become a part of yours.
PASSION OR COINCIDENCE ONCE PROMPTED YOU TO SAY PRIDE WILL TEAR US BOTH APART. WELL NOW PRIDE'S GONE OUT THE WINDOWS, CROSS THE ROOF TOPS, RUN AWAY - LEFT ME IN THE VACUUM OF MY HEART.
With you my love, I want to start a dream that never ends.
Do I love you? My God, if your love were a grain of sand, mine would be a universe of beaches.
Love is spawned from caring and sharing, not just a few words.
I know when I leave, the distance will keep us apart. But distance, no matter how far, can't change these feelings in my heart.
Definintion of forgiveness: The perfume a flower leaves on the shoe that crushed it.
Certain chance occurences have caused our paths to meet. Destiny has joined our hearts and made our lives complete.
For a while I thought I would never love or hate anyone but I have come to realize I have loved and hated the same person.
A legal kiss is never as good as a stolen one.
And I can't live, with or without you...
Some women blush when they are kissed, some call for the police, some swear, some bite. But the worst are those who laugh.
I believe the personality and the soul is what makes a person beautiful, it does not always have to be the physical appearance.
Love doesn't make the world go around, love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Love can help us, love can break us, love can do things never done before. Love is a feeling we find appealing, love is the thing that makes us soar.
The joy of loving always heals the hurt of Loving...
Few men know how to kiss well. Fortunately, I've always had time to teach them. -- Mae West
Time does not heal, but healing takes time.
Love is like a box of chocolates. You don't know how good it is till they are all gone.
Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued is always beyond our grasp but which, if you sit down quietly, may alight upon you. -- Nathaniel Hawthorne
Learn from nature the gift of love. 
Follow your own heart, not other's. 
Tis far better to give your all and smother than to withhold in hopes of a longer relationship. 
No one has ever loved anyone the way everyone wants to be loved. 
You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving. 
One word frees us of all the weight and pain in life. That word is love. 
To love is to place our happiness in the happiness of another. 
In the arithmetic of love, one plus one equals everything, and two minus one equals nothing. 
I cannot show you I love you. Time will show you I love you.
The essential saddness is to go through life without loving. But it would be almost equally sad to leave this world without ever telling those you loved that you love them.
Love is a gift to treasure not a game to play.
Love is like a violin. The music may stop now and then, but the strings remain forever. -- June Masters Bacher
Love is running into your one true love after 20 years and it feels like only yesterday you were in his arms.
If you meet someone in whose presence you feel a desire to achieve, such person is worthy of your love, and is awakening love in your heart.
Would you rather marry a friend or a lover? I'd marry my soulmate.
You know you're in love when at those times you're apart, you find yourself gazing at the sky in the direction she lives and feeling some peace in knowing that you live under the same sky.
You know you love someone when you cannot put into words how they make you feel.
Love is when you sink and grow breathless but never seem to drown.
When I saw myself climbing the stairs to where heavan starts and saw you waiting..I knew just how much I loved you.
The stars shine brightest only in your eyes.
I will love you all my life and when I die I will still love you through eternity and beyond.
If two souls were meant to be then God would never let that love perish. Even if they separate the love between them will unite them once more.
Love comes naturaly, in unexpected ways, without any permission.
Love is what we make it, for this I have known. Love lies where we take it, no-one's ever alone.
You may not have heard me speak to you that I love you, but the way that I look into your eyes, the way I smile when you pass by, and the way that my heart feels when you are near... all speaks of what best describes the love that I feel.
A distant cry is love lost, but the sound of laughter is one that'll last forever, whatever that may be.
Be true to love, and love will be true to you.
Loving someone is like caring for a garden, love it too much or too little and it dies, but love it just right and it will live forever.
Losing you is like losing my heart.
Thy love is like a sweet, gentle breeze caressing the very essence of my soul.
Life is a mystery to be lived, not a problem to be solved.
I love the sun for days, the moon for nights and you forever.
I did three things today...miss you, miss you, and miss you.
My heart is like a cabbage divided into two. I gave the leaves to others and my heart to you.
If you love someone you have to look before you leap.
You can only judge love if you have been in it yourself.
The only condition to love is to love unconditionally.
Love sees with the heart and not with mind. -- Shakespeare
If the world ended today, would you be at peace with the amount of love you shared?
Take a look at what you have. Think of all you did to get it. Remember it only takes one second to lose.
If you enjoy your life to its fullest, love will come and keep you company.
Love is the master key of happiness... Procrastination the thief of time... Whenever will we learn?
Time will prove my love to you and cement my place in your heart forever. For time will give me the credibility and the believability that I need to convince you to want to spend the rest of your life with me. That I am worthy of such a commitment from you.
Fate brought you back to me, this time I won't let you leave. I'm gonna love you till the end.
We attract love by the emotions we display; we retain love by the emotions we possess.
My heart is hollow... when I'm not with you.
Loving you was easy, losing you was hard. Loving you is still easy, but knowing you are no longer mine, is the hardest of it all.
What would it be like to swing on a star, or walk on a cloud? Would it be anything like what I feel whenever you are near?
For yesterday's memories, today's love, and tomorrow's dreams I love you.
You know you're really in love, when you have love for that person and only that person. You want to be with them in every waking moment, and you'll stay with them through thick and thin.
Love is grand, cherish her.
I love you not because it is right, but because I love you.
Love is like a blinding sun ray in the sky you cant see past it till its to late.
Where there is love, there is no fear.
Loving you is the hardest thing I've encountered, but I'm happy to be loved by you.
Once you find someone you really love try your hardest not to lose them because you will never get over the feeling of loneliness.
I don't need anyone to take advantage of my weaknesses or my strengths, I need someone who will appreciate me for everything that I am.
Love is not measured by how you feel, but how you make the other person feel.
Love is like an ocean, beautiful and never-ending... with hazardous undertows.
Never turn your head from love and later wonder why you have such a stiff neck. :-)
Loving you is what I've learned so easily. Trying to forget you is the last thing I could possibly learn because I'm deeply in love with you.
Love teaches us how to laugh, cry, be happy and sad... all at the same time.
I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no more hurt, only more love. -- Mother Teresa
Love is purely a creation of the human imagination... the most important example of how the imagination continually outruns the creature it inhabits.
Love is what your mind can't think of and your heart makes routine.
I never believed in love at first sight...until you!
One must learn to love oneself before one can learn to love others.
The love we have is God's gift to us, what we do with it is our gift to God.
When in love, sometimes it's worse to win a fight than to lose. -- Billie Holiday
In my world, I walked to a different drum. You came along and joined me in my journey. I am now in harmony and at peace in the world of love.
I have never loved...till I first met you.
Love is like everything else in this world, you have to fight for it.
I'm old enough to know better, but too young too care.
Make it perfect. . . you never know when the last time will be.
A lost love is never lost unless what's lost is the love for your lover.
Once you love, you cannot take it back, cannot undo it. What you felt may have changed, shifted slightly, yet still remains love.
Loving someone is like caring for a garden, love it too much or too little and it dies, but love it just right and it will live forever.
Losing you is like losing my heart.
Thy love is like a sweet, gentle breeze caressing the very essence of my soul.
Life is a mystery to be lived, not a problem to be solved.
I love the sun for days, the moon for nights and you forever.
I did three things today...miss you, miss you, and miss you.
My heart is like a cabbage divided into two. I gave the leaves to others and my heart to you.
If you love someone you have to look before you leap.
You can only judge love if you have been in it yourself.
The only condition to love is to love unconditionally.
Love sees with the heart and not with mind. -- Shakespeare
If the world ended today, would you be at peace with the amount of love you shared?
Take a look at what you have. Think of all you did to get it. Remember it only takes one second to lose.
If you enjoy your life to its fullest, love will come and keep you company.
Love is the master key of happiness... Procrastination the thief of time... Whenever will we learn?
Time will prove my love to you and cement my place in your heart forever. For time will give me the credibility and the believability that I need to convince you to want to spend the rest of your life with me. That I am worthy of such a commitment from you.
Fate brought you back to me, this time I won't let you leave. I'm gonna love you till the end.
We attract love by the emotions we display; we retain love by the emotions we possess.
My heart is hollow ...... when I'm not with you.
Loving you was easy, losing you was hard. Loving you is still easy, but knowing you are no longer mine, is the hardest of it all.
What would it be like to swing on a star, or walk on a cloud? Would it be anything like what I feel whenever you are near?
For yesterday's memories, today's love, and tomorrow's dreams I love you.
You know you're really in love, when you have love for that person and only that person. You want to be with them in every waking moment, and you'll stay with them through thick and thin.
Love is grand, cherish her.
I love you not because it is right, but because I love you.
Love is like a blinding sun ray in the sky you cant see past it till its to late.
Where there is love, there is no fear.
Loving you is the hardest thing I've encountered, but I'm happy to be loved by you.
Once you find someone you really love try your hardest not to lose them because you will never get over the feeling of loneliness.
I don't need anyone to take advantage of my weaknesses or my strengths, I need someone who will appreciate me for everything that I am.
Love is not measured by how you feel, but how you make the other person feel.
Love is like an ocean, beautiful and never-ending... with hazardous undertows.
Never turn your head from love and later wonder why you have such a stiff neck. :-)
Loving you is what I've learned so easily. Trying to forget you is the last thing I could possibly learn because I'm deeply in love with you.
Love teaches us how to laugh, cry, be happy and sad... all at the same time.
I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no more hurt, only more love. -- Mother Teresa
Love is purely a creation of the human imagination... the most important example of how the imagination continually outruns the creature it inhabits.
Love is what your mind can't think of and your heart makes routine.
I never believed in love at first sight...until you!
One must learn to love oneself before one can learn to love others.
The love we have is God's gift to us, what we do with it is our gift to God.
When in love, sometimes it's worse to win a fight than to lose. -- Billie Holiday
In my world, I walked to a different drum. You came along and joined me in my journey. I am now in harmony and at peace in the world of love.
I have never loved...till I first met you.
Love is like everything else in this world, you have to fight for it.
I'm old enough to know better, but too young too care.
Make it perfect. . . you never know when the last time will be.
A lost love is never lost unless what's lost is the love for your lover.
Once you love, you cannot take it back, cannot undo it. What you felt may have changed, shifted slightly, yet still remains love.
When a couple passes into the next world, they will become one angel. That is their fate, their destiny.
Love is like the ozone layer - You never miss it until it's gone.
Love is like a wonderful feeling of compassion and satisfaction. It should be given respect and trust and it should receive that love back.
You are sanity in an insane world. You're reason where there isn't any reason. Reason to live.
If your are meant to be together forever, you will survive any obstacle or trouble that comes to you.
If you want the rainbow, you must first go through the rain.
To love another person is to see the face of God. -- Les Miserebles
Our Friendship: A two way road to a perfect love.
Sometimes what you don't say speaks so much louder than anything you could possibly say.
Never stand back and let time waste you.
A kiss upon the hand of someone you truly love, is more beautiful, and more valuable than any diamond or gem could ever be.
When you're in love, you don't need music to dance. The beating of your hearts is a beautiful melody in itself.
Love is like the ocean - you can fall in and be swept away.
If I don't say 'I love you' often it doesn't make it less true. I love you so much, words aren't enough to express it.
Never value something more than you value love, else when you gain the former, you find it worthless without the latter.
Think of all the things that you like or love as sand in your hands... the harder you hold onto it the quicker it goes away.
You don't have to love me back, I'm happy just loving you.
A diamond when given to your partner is as good as giving your heart to her forever.
Making a friend just takes a moment, but being a friend takes a lifetime.
Our love is the second most treasured thing in my life, you are the first.
It is a feeling but it drives me to you again and again.
To truly love someone is to not know what you would do with out them. To not care as long as they are with you. To cry if they hurt you. But most of all to know that if they died you would die to.
Love is feeling that is not measurable by the quantity of the years, it's measurable by the size of your heart and how much love you are willing to give.
Everybody says you can break a heart but that's not true, you can only hurt it.
You are but an angel and I a mere mortal. We are worlds apart. I must love you from a distance.
You were that missing piece from my life, and now that I have you I am complete.
Love makes the world seem brighter and more beautiful. Everything is touched with magic... and that magic is YOU!!
Never felt this way before, never looked at a woman and thought if civilization fails, if the world ends I now know what God meant as long as I'm with her. -- Jack Nicholson from the film Wolf
I love you takes seconds to say but a life time to commit to.
True love is when you love a person with no particular reason.
You love or you don't love. There's no such thing as you learn to love.
True love is when you love a person more than you love yourself.
If you could only see the way he loves me, maybe you would understand why I feel this way. 
Tell me why...the beautiful ones...they hurt you every time. -- Mariah Carey
Now that I've found someone, I'm feeling more alone than I ever have before. 
When you get close, I want you to know I start to get weak and I can't let you go! 
Chaque fois que tu te sentiras seul, regarde les etoiles--whenever you feel alone look at the stars. 
I would walk through fire just to keep you safe and sound. I surrender. Take me for all time. Love that lasts forever. 
You are the most precious gift to me. 
Love is like a roller coaster it has it's ups and downs. 
If a hug represented how much I loved you, I would hold you in my arms forever. 
Love would never be a promise of a rose garden unless it is showered with lights of faith, water of sincerity and air of passion. 
How do I know I'm in love? Because I don't say 'you and me'...I say 'we'. 
Love is not blind, it is seeing things more clearly than before. 
My love fell unnoticed, like tears in the rain. 
The saddest thing in the world, is loving someone who used to love you. 
The trouble with love is, if you don't risk anything, you risk even more. 
Love is the silent song the heart sings. 
When love is lost, do not bow your head in sadness and look down upon the ground. Instead, keep your head up high and gaze into the heavens, for that is where your broken heart has been sent to heal. 
When I first saw you, I saw love. And the first time you touched me, I felt love. And after all this time, you're still the one I love...
What once was shattered, and undone. Now, behold, the two made one.
Love is the ultimate unstable compound, its decision to save or destroy an individual is based on infinitely small circumstance.
You are always there for me and so you give me the courage to stand alone.
When mates are distant from each other, their love remains very close in their hearts and minds.
Love does not consist of looking at each other, but of looking in the same direction.
The best and most beautiful things in the world must be felt with the heart. -- Hellen Keller
If I was a flower in total darkness your love would be the little beam on light that keeps me alive.
Take away the trials, take away the pain, take away the sorrow, take away the pain, take away the emptiness, take away the sorrow and you will find true love.
All that I love loses half it's pleasure if you are not there to share it.
I love you for all that you are, and all that I am when I am with you. I love you because you have shown me in hundreds of beautiful ways what love is.
You are my first, last, and only dream at night.
Promise me you'll never forget me, because if I thought you would I'd never leave. -- Winnie The Pooh
There is no cure for my lonely heart but your love.
Love is like the rolling tides of the sea, it comes, as easily as it goes.
You're always there when I close my eyes.
I never favored the word 'goodbye', for it means never see you again. I like 'see you later' for it means I will see you again.
Instead of shedding tears for being hurt, lend your tears to someone who can't feel anything.
She gives him something no one else can, a reason to live.
It's hard to move on still loving what's gone. Yet life carries on...
I may grow old, but my heart will never grow tired of loving you.
IF YOU WANT TO LOVE, LOVE CAREFULLY BECAUSE ONE SIDED LOVE MEANS TOTAL LOSS!
To love is nothing. To be loved is something!
I don't care if you hate me and hurt me. Because I know love will bring you back to heal me!
If laughing makes you live longer, you would make me live forever.
Love is complicated, but worth it.
I knew it was hopeless when I found myself writing the following in my journal: It seems that I've accepted and embraced all of his immutable faults. In fact, I think that's what I've come to love most about him.
To love and to be loved is to feel the sun from both the sides.
Love, we search for it and it does not appear. It comes when we least expect it.
If you love someone so much, you must show them everyday and in every way.
If I breathe a little faster, it is because I am thinking of you with every breath I breathe and I only want reason to think of you more!
To be loved by you feels like being loved by the most important person in my life, the Lord.
I would rather to never have felt love, than to feel so loved one minute and in the blink of an eye it all be gone, left with nothing more than this broken heart I have now.
If you make a list of someone's faults, throw the list away. Because loving them means loving all of them.
Love is a silent voice that only the heart can hear.
I may be able to speak the languages of human beings and even of angels, but if I have no love, my speech is no more than a noisy gong or a clanging bell. I may have the gift of inspired preaching; I may have all knowledge and understand all secrets; I may have the faith needed to move mountains-but if I have no love, I am nothing. I may give away everything I have, and even give up my body to be burned-but if I have no love, this does me no good. -- I Corinthians, 13:1-13
If only I could remain as wonderfully clear and strong, my sweet love, as before my heart was stolen.
I would give up my life if I could command, one smile of your eyes and one touch of your hand.
I've been counting my blessings and you're one I can't live without.
If you love someone, tell them right there and then before the moment passes you by. -- from My Best Friend's Wedding
If loving you is wrong, then I don't want to be right and if living without you is right then I want to be wrong for the rest of our lives.
Dreams last for so long, even after you're gone.
Love doesn't ask or question. It just happens.
To truly love you must put all of your heart and soul into it because if it doesn't hurt than it can't be love, but if you give until it hurts you will be rewarded in the end.
Love is like water. It flows through us every day. Cool, smooth, soft and everlasting.
Love cures people. Both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
Love can be scary, but love can not be based on fear.
Love is something you need to treasure for as long as you have it.
Love is when all you care about is that one person, noone could hurt you more and yet noone can make you happier
Long you'll live and high you'll fly, smiles you'll give and tears you'll cry and all you touch and all you see is all your life will ever be
I will come to a point where my memory would degrade, but my love for you will be as fresh as the first time I found and felt it.
When I stand here and look at you I see everything I ever needed or wanted!
When your mind is flooded with the memories of a wonderful time and place... and you feel the warmth inside you grow..then you know you have visited this thing called love.
Love is perfect, even when we are not.
Nothing could bring contentment than seeing the love in your smile and knowing that smile is for me.
Love from one side hurts, but love from both sides heals.
Love is the only four letter word, that can take over another four letter word... HATE.
Love doesn't consist of joining hands, it consists of joining hearts.
Love isn't something you do, love is something you are.
I wish, I could keep you right in my heart and feed you my love and passion for rest of my life.
There is one thing today that can cause the most pain you can ever feel, and can make you happier than you have ever been. It is love.
I will never break your heart, but if I do I'll break mine too.
I don't love you because I think your cute. I think your cute because I love you.
Who ever has my heart will always have my heart forever.
Hope is what keeps some people alive in this world, and love is the watering can of hope's seed.
To truly love is to have the courage to walk away and let the one who wishes to be free go. No matter how much it hurts.
If because loving you is to be painful of losing you, I'd rather love you than to be painful without you!
Love does not just last by itself! It is our intention to prolong love determined whether it is going to last!
Love is the only thing worth living for, and the only thing worth dying for.
Love Is... something you'll never run out of!
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence, nor imagination, nor both together go to the making of a genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of a genius. -- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Love and hate are an equal emotion, but to hate is to live a dead life and to love it to live a dream.
Love is divine and so are you, because you are my love of a lifetime.
If love is a battlefield, then I am a warrior... and I am always fighting for you... for you are my princess.
If you love someone tell them or you will lose your chance forever.
To meet and to part is the way of life, but to part and to meet is the hope of life.
Remember me with great love now that I am here, not how I came to be.
I fell in love with you and stayed in love with you because of the way you made me feel about myself when I was with you.
Do we know if love is actually real, or is it something that the mind has tricked itself into believing?
Love is like the truth, sometimes it prevails, sometimes it hurts.
You need to live to love, you need to love to live. -- Cicero
How do you heal a broken heart? I have no idea where to start. Because everything i do, just reminds me of you.
If you were a star, you'd be the brightest in the sky.
The most precious gift I have received is YOU!
Don't be afraid of love. It is the most wonderful yet confusing feeling you will ever have.
Remember the truth that once was spoken, 'to love another person is to see the face of God'. -- From Les Miserables
Reason plays no part. Heaven help my heart. I love him too much. What if he saw my whole existence? Turning around a word, a smile, a touch?
Love will keep us alive.
And this love I have for you will never grow cold.
Oh night that joined the lover to the beloved one, transforming each of them into the other. -- St John of the Cross
Heaven is you, every little thing you do.
And when you look into my eyes and say I'm gonna love you till the day that I die I know that this is heaven.
You dream of a future, a possible place where we lie together face to face. And I'm looking forward, I will not deny I dream of a future made for you and I.
The heart cannot exist without love... and love cannot exist without a heart. 
Love is the work of the heart, not the brain. 
Love is like a rain drop, it starts out whole and happy, after a while it spreads in all different directions but eventually comes back together. 
Let not our love be like a flower that dies. Instead let it be like a river that flows FOREVER! 
Love is not what you make of it. Love is what it makes of you.
Love is a gift...not an obligation.  -- Isabelle in Fools Rush In 
LOVE - An emotion better expressed in quality than in quantiy. 
Never have I been so surrendering to a feeling....I must admit this is sweet surrender... this is true love. 
Love you...It's funny how two words can take up so little space on a piece of paper, but fill up ALL of the space in my heart. 
Even when I pour my heart out to you, I'm not sure it shows, that I love you more than you'll ever know. 
I always knew I'd look back at the tears and laugh, but I never thought that I'd look back at the laughs and cry. 
My eyes sparkle without even a trace of fading light because of he who makes them shine.
The love line between others should be open and not closed. When someone falls in love, there they should always be. Someone's love for another should last longer than the longest sea.
If I were the ocean, you would be the shore, because living life without you here would be needing something more.
We have a bond stronger than friendship and love and though we can/will not be together, we will NEVER be apart.
I love you, you don't have to love me back...but im gonna give you my heart anyway.
Above all, love each other deeply, becuase love covers over a multitude of sins. -- I Peter 4:8
To live without love, is to live without a heart, wandering in the dark.
Love today so you will never have empty yesterdays.
Friends are like stars, you can't always see them but you know they're there.
In all the vastness of outer space, there is none so lonely as the space which surrounds me without you...
A man who feels nothing is a man who loves nothing. And if you love nothing, what joy is there in your life?.
When I saw you, I saw love when you touched me, I felt love.
That which we call Love is neither an effect or a cause, it is a force that writes or destiny at the same time as our thoughts.
Your lover should not complete you, but compliment you.
There are things in life your eyes will love, but not all will catch your heart.
No man is ever worth crying over, but if he is...he won't make you cry.
Watching you walk out of my life doesn't make me bitter or cynical about love, but it rather makes me wonder; if I so much wanted to be with the wrong one, how wonderful it will be when the right one comes along.
The human heart feels things that the eyes cannot see and the mind does not understand.
Mine ear is much enamoured to thy note; So is mine eye enthalled to thy shape, And thy fair virtue's force perforce doth move me On the first view to say, to swear, I love thee. -- William Shakespeare
You have to feel you sadness before your happiness because happiness is a hundred tears away.
True love stories don't have endings.
People say love is blind.Then what is love at the first sight.
Love is to share your life with someone you love and love forgets mistakes.
If you love somebody, show it.
I droped a tear in the ocean. Whenever they find it, I will stop loving you.
Love is no comodity where they give free samples.
Some say love makes you weak from vulnerability, I say love makes you strong from surviving the fires of passion.
The real power of love is that we get to see ourself through the eyes of another, and we are all the better for it.
For the world, you're someone. For someone, you are the world...
The most beautiful thing in this life cannot be seen, even touched but felt with heart.
False lovers are like autumn leaves, found everywhere. True lovers are like diamonds, precious and rare
If you love something, let it go; if it comes back to you, it's yours; if it doesn't hunt it down and kill it.
I find being in love extremely unpleasant, one has a certain urge to wash his hair in every thirty minutes, wear a green hat with yellow stripes, and wake up four o'clock in the morning to make sure he has not grown into a frog over the night.
No matter where you are, whenever the wind blows, it will always wisper the name of yours in my heart.
Life is water and love is a river.
Respect, admiration and trust equals love.
Love is like an ocean that is so wide and deep.
I look for love but will settle to be remembered.
What about love? Overrated. Biochemically no different from eating large quantities of chocolate.
Being in love is like having a heart-on!
Lust is easy to find....love is not!
To love for the sake of being loved is human, but to love for the sake of loving is Angelic. -- Alphonse De Lamartine (1790-1869)
Love is the answer to the final question...
The Light must come from within, and the Love must be effused into every moment in time, so that you become Love.
It is not sufficient to say I am Love, I am Light, if you then do not behave in an according manner. 
There are only two real choices to be made. You can choose between love and fear.
To be or not to be... but for love it is meant to be.
All will surender with Love co'z Love conquers all.
One day I told god to give me all to enjoy life, and he gave me you to enjoy all.
Love is like a pot of gold. Hard to keep, hard to hold, when you get it hold it tight then you'll know what love is like.
True love is an intelligent concern for the other person. Otherwise, one person is just a product, and the other a consumer.
Real is when there's someone's heart that has room for you... A place to hide when your world falls through.
Love means sacrifices and it can move mountains...
Love is a verb, not a noun.
One can love too much. Unconditional lovers can sometimes be too selfless. One must try to love the self to better be loved by their beloved, or they may become over giving and lose their beloved to a sense of guilt. 
Touch my mind and I will think of you... touch my heart and I will never forget you. 
You know you love someone, when the moment you can't feel them under your fingertips you miss them. 
The most precious gift in this world that comes into a man's possession is a woman's heart. 
Your love is better than ice cream, better than anything else that I've tried. 
What I see in her is everything I want in another person and everything that I am afraid to lose in a friend. 
There ain't nothing that I wouldn't do... go to the ends of the earth for you. I could make you happy, make your dreams come true to make you feel my love. 
It is better to leave in love than to part in hate. 
On earth no one knows what love is. All we see and know is the effect of love. 
Perfection is equality. 
The key to understanding all things lies between ying and yang, chaos and peace, love and hate. 
A man's heart will never be complete without a woman's love. 
Love is like a see-saw, it has to be equally balanced by your partner. If not then don't love else you will fall in a bottomless pit from which you may never be able to recover. 
Peace is not the absence of conflict, but the presence of love. 
Love is blind. Friendship closes it's eyes. 
In a full heart there is room for everything and in an empty heart there is room for nothing. 
A friend hears the song in my heart and sings it to me when my memory fails. 
Special times and special places, special friends together; The moments pass so quickly, But the memories last forever. 
When travelling the path of life, and finding love along the way, everything looks new and different. Little do you know it is the same old landscape you used to see all of the time; love has just given you new eyes. 
When I kiss you, it tastes like heaven... so sweet, loving, kind, and caring. 
When I examine myself and my method of thoughts, I come to conclusion that the gifts of fantasy meant more to me than my talent for absorbing positive knowledge.  -- Albert Einstein
All the wealth of the world could not buy you a friend, nor pay you for the loss of one. 
The first sigh of love is the last of wisdom. 
Where love is, there is no lack. 
Let men beware of causing women to weep; God counts their tears. 
Love, like a lamp, needs to be fed out of the oil of another's heart, or it's flame burns low. 
Love sought is good, but given unsought is better.  -- Shakespeare
The hours I spend with thee, dear heart, are a string of pearls to me; I count them over, every one apart. 
If all those glittering monarchs that command the servile quarters of this earthly ball should tender in exchange their shares of land, I would not change my fortunes for them all. Their wealth is but a counter to my coin... the world is but theirs; but my beloved is mine.
Amor vincit omnia - love conquers everything.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired. 
You may conquer with a sword but you are conquered by a kiss. 
Drink to me only with thine eyes, and I will pledge with mine; Or leave a kiss but in the cup, and I'll not look for wine. 
Love at the lips was a touch as sweet as I could bear.
I will leave thee when I have stolen from thy lips their yet untasted nectar, to allay the raging of my thirst, e'en as the bee sips the fresh honey from the opening bud. 
Her lips on his could tell him better than all her stumbling words. 
People who throw kisses are mighty, hopelessly lazy. -- Bob Hope
Soul meets soul on lovers lips.
If rare gems like you weren't so rare this world would be a better place.
When we get close, I want you to know that I get all weak and want to hold you forever.
No matter where life takes me, if you are there to greet me I am home.
When you love a woman, you see your world inside her eyes.
There will never be an answer to your quest 'till the one you love answers, I Love You.
Letting go does not mean giving up but accepting that there are things that cannot be.
Here we are undivided by anything, just you and I. We've come so far no one else could ever steal away what we confide. 
It's a serious connection when I look into your eyes. When you show me your affection it's more than I realize.
True love comes quietly without banners or flashing lights. If you hear bells, get your ears checked. 
If I had a star for every time I thought of you, I'd be looking far out onto the edges of all the galaxies ever made. 
Words can simply not reveal the degree of ecstasy only you can make me feel when you give your love to me. 
If I tell you I love you can I keep you forever. 
Distance can't keep us apart 'cause you'll always live within my heart.
It means everything to me when you tell me you love me.
What lies before you and what lies behind you are tiny matters compared to what lies within you. -- Emerson
Love is a gift everyone should be wrapped up with. 
A ring is round and round and has no end. So is our friendship too, my friend.
Even though my heart you've broken, I know my heart has spoken.
Integrity once compromised can never be recovered. So love wisely.
You are like a rare flower that everyone wants. If I can have you, you'll bloom all year round for I will water you with love for eternity.
Love is like a precious pearl. It takes time to grow into something lasting and beautiful.
Being without you is like having half a soul.
Sometimes the thing you want the most in life is the hardest thing to get. Stop trying so hard and just maybe it will be easier to receive. 
The things we cherish in life are not the things we need, but the things we love. 
There was a time that I just thought I would lose my mind. You came along and then the sun did shine... started on my way........ 
Beauty without virtue is like a flower with no fragrance. 
Friendship is like a flower. If it should ever die, you know it will always grow back. 
I need someone to ease my mind but sometimes a someone is so hard to find. 
Some people say that when you are in love, you must always hold hands. But when it's true love, you don't need to because you just know that the other hand will always be there. 
And Steal immortal blessings from her lips; who,even in pure and vestal modesty, still blush, as thinking their own kisses sin. -- Shakespeare - Romeo and Juliet
I will hold you close in my heart and feel the warm pulse of your spirit quickening my soul. 
It hurts to look at him; I love him too much. 
You're the reason I believe in love And you're the answer to my prayers from up above. All we need is just the two of us, my dreams came true because of you. 
My love need not shout, for your heart hears my silence just as clearly.
The whispers of love will echo long after the shouts of hatred fade. 
Love is when two people can close their eyes and see heaven. 
Love bonds us together though me may be far apart. 
My heart's cry is one that will love me forever and unconditionally. One who will protect me and hold me close every chance. One in who's eyes I could see love... and in who's lips I would feel love. You are my hearts cry. 
They say heaven is wonderful. If so then I have found it in you. 
You know you're in love when you say I love you in your mind, and realize you said it out loud. 
Her sweet voice echoes in the empty chambers of my heart, vibrating into soothing music that flows through my soul. 
My simple existence means nothing without the life of the love you give.
Love is a thing that which brings something new everyday. 
Love is when you wake up each morning knowing that you have this great person by your side. 
Love is like a fire - it will eventually die out if not tended to.
Nothing compares with the finding of true love, because once you do your heart is complete. 
When you hug so tight you can barely breath, it's merely your hearts trying to touch. 
Can you imagine this world today without the love between us? It wouldn't be worth living. 
With all my love I give to you, my heart, my soul, my everything. 
You know when you've truly connected with someone, when you miss them before they even leave. 
There is no long distance about love...It always finds a way to bring two hearts together no matter how many miles there are between them. 
I must conquer my loneliness alone. I must be happy with myself, or I have nothing to offer. Two halves little choice but to join; and yes, they do make a whole. But two wholes when they coincide.... that is beauty. That is LOVE... 
What is love anyway? I thought it was a good thing but so far it's caused me nothing but pain. 
Do I love him because I care about him and I would do anything for him or do I love him because I don't know know how not to love him? 
You are leaving -- so is the way of life. I will see you again -- so is the way of love. 
Nobody falls like a fool, nobody loves like a believer. 
The heart isn't blind, it just sees what it wants to see. 
Love is not blind, it has the sharpest eyes and because it sees more, it is willing to see less. 
Jealousy, that dragon which slays love under the pretence of keeping it alive. 
The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end.
You learn to like someone when you find out what makes them laugh, but you can never truly love someone until you find out what makes them cry.
Your love is my inspiration; I find the purity of your love in every color I place on canvas. Without your love, they remain merely colors, but with your love, they become the masterpiece of our life together. 
I LOVE YOU - eight letters, three words, one meaning. 
You and I seem that we're like flowers together. Without you nothing would blossom, 'cause you are truly the seed to my love. 
Don't kill your love with fear. 
Love is the only thing in this world that you can't live without. Without love, you are not whole. 
Do not love another that does not love you for someday you my friend will get burned also, but do not think love is something you simply let go of, but more as a lesson to stop and learn from. 
Love is like the wind. Though sometimes it whispers and sometimes it screams, it shall be everlasting to me. 
All I want is for you to have a life you love and live. Take from me all I have to give, because you are in my heart. 
If your eyes were the stars, I could never look down. 
Measure your life in love. 
I know I won't live forever, but forever I'll be loving you. 
When the world sees a spark between two people, only the real fire begins when their eyes meet for the first time. 
When a love between two people is so great, not even distance can keep them apart. 
My true heart belongs not to me but to the one who loves it well. -- Montpellier Codex, 13th Century
When you leave me, throw away the key that is to my heart. Maybe then someone worthy of my love will find that key and use it wisely. 
Don't just say you love me. Show me how you love me. 
If the sun always shines, there's a desert below. It takes a little rain to make love grow. 
Always follow your heart instead of your head. Even if it gets you in trouble, your heart will never steer you wrong. 
I steal a kiss from her sleeping shadow moves. 'Cause I'll always miss her wherever she goes. And I'll always need her more than she could ever need me. I need someone to ease my mind, but sometimes a someone is so hard to find. 
Sleep will not come to this tired body now. Peace will not come to this lonely heart. There are some things I'll live without but I want you to know that I need you right now, I need you tonight. 
I believe in you, you're the other half of me. Soothe and heal. When you sleep, when you dream, I'll be there if you need me, whenever I hear you sing. 
Love comes in colors I can't deny. All that shimmers is love, and all that matters is love. 
You are so beautiful, you are my destiny, you are my complete soul, after all you are me. 
True love can never be too strong or too dull, it can only be just right. 
The world can be a dark place without love in your heart. Although, it creates an empty space that can be torn apart. 
All that matters in the end is who you love and who loves you, you two souls forever in harmony. 
When I look upon this sometimes bleak world and reluctant society, your love and beauty is the power that carries me onward. 
Doubt that the stars are fire, doubt that the sun do not move, doubt truth to be liar, but never doubt that I love you. 
I've spread my dreams at your feet, tread softly because you tread my dreams. 
The license said you had to stick around until I was dead. But if you're tired of looking at my face, I guess I already am. 
Love like music brings joy to the heart. 
Love won't be tampered with, love won't go away. Push it to one side and it creeps to the other. 
Love is a VERB... an action we CHOOSE to carry out. Take action today and show the one you love how you feel about them.
He has achieved success who has lived well, laughed often, and loved much.
If I am the sun, I only wish to be a small part of your constellation.
If loving you is a punishment then let the punishment be eternal.
I there is one dellusion that everybody has, is that of being in love. 
All I ever wanted, all I ever needed is here in my arms. Words are very uneccesary they can only do harm.
Every minute with you feels like a second of heaven, but every second you're not here feels like an eternity of pain.
If tomorrow never comes, will she know how much I loved her? Did I try in every way to show her everyday that shes my only one? And if my time on earth were through and she should face this world without me, is the love I gave her in past gonna be enough to last? If tomorrow never comes.
I cannot speak. I've lost my voice. Speechless and redundant because I love you is not enough... I'm lost for words.
Be mature and accept all the imperfections, as you see the coming and going of people and fate.
For you, I would stop the very rotation of the earth simply to keep one moment forever.
Imperfection is not a weakness, but a strength. 
The journey itself is what makes life, not the outcome.
Life is a journey from one point to another. You know where you will end up, but you don't know what route will get you there.
I know that it's love because I see you even when my eyes are shut and I feel you even when you're not there.
And our feelings just aren't feelings anymore. They're just words that come from whispers from people we don't know. 
If I could give you all the gold and jewels of Ali-Baba, I would, but they couldn't compare to the thing you've given me ... LOVE.
How can I let go? How do I unlearn the love I feel for you?
Don't try to understand me, your hands already know too much.
I'll be dreaming my dreams with you...
You've got to dance like nobody's watching, and love like it's never going to hurt.
If I had never met him, I would have dreamed him into being.
Compared to my heart's desire, the sea is a drop.
The tragedy is not that love doesn't last. The tragedy is the love that lasts.
The truth is that love is buried in your soul, and no relationship with anyone can unearth it or activate it in your life.
Love is being still enough to feel all that is going on inside you and then learning how to acknowledge and accept what you feel.
A lover's eyes will gaze an eagle blind. -- Shakespeare
Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
I was so overly in love with love, although it hurt more with passing days. I though it was a blessing from above, now I know love has to go both ways.
Truthfulness is to a friendship,what hot air is to a balloon. Without it, it can not get off the ground or have a chance of going anywhere.
Though the miles between us are many, the heart is a bridge that can span the largest oceans. Thus, we shall alway be close, as long as we are in each other's hearts.
A woman's heart is a ocean of secrets. If you want to find romance go out there and take a chance.
Friends online are like money, they're easy to make and hard to keep.
Love is the thing we cherish, but even from love we perish.
Don't give up on anybody...Miracles happen everyday! -- Life's Little Instruction Book
Love comes when you least expect it... it feels like you're in a state of fantasy.
Love is a long journey wherein you never know what awaits you.
Dancing between two people is a conversation... talk to me!!
Here in my heart, while my arms are empty, I am still holding on to you.
Anger is the fluid love bleeds when you cut it. 
Real love stories never have endings. 
The years that I've known you seem like a lifetime. The years that I've loved you seem like two eternities
In the dark or the broad daylight, I promise I'll be there.
So this is who you are. And the rest of my life I dedicate to you. My love will go on just as long as the river flows.
When everything else looks bad, the love in your heart that you share and receive will shine through.
I'll take today over yesterday, any day.
You'll deny the truth, believe a lie, there'll be times that you'll believe you can really fly but your lonely nights have just begun when you love someone.
I'm not afraid of living alone, I was alone before he came. I've been in love many times before but this time's not the same.
Angels were singing, didn't you hear? If only I'd listened when they whispered in my ear.
If I love you will you run away? And if you stay, will I disappear?
I love you. Not only do you define beauty in my eyes but you defy it as well.
If you never had a broken heart, you have not yet experienced true love.
Your love was worth waiting for, now I am complete.
Oh never fear, beloved friend, for in the end it's worth the price, the fee, the cost, when all is lost but love has won.
Love said, 'Lie still and think of me,' Sleep said, 'Close your eyes till break of day'. But Dreams came by, and smilingly gave both to love and sleep their way.
If the eyes are the windows to the soul then If you were to look into my eyes you would see only yourself. My soul consists entirely of you, your words and your actions... Just you!
Some think that love is all flowers and good times but I think that love is more than just that... Love is the bad as well as the better, not lived alone but a journey together. Something that only the closest can share, with comunication, respect, and delicate care.
You're all I see, and you're all I'll need. There's a love that God puts in your heart.
You just can't tell who you'll love and who you won't.
I cry because I know he doesn't feel the way I do. I cry because I think of how pathetic I am. And I cry because I think I'll be crying forever.
Love is an undescribible feeling that clenches your heart and makes you weep.
By starlight, I'll kiss you, and promise to be your one and only. I'll make you feel happy and leave you to be lost in mine. 
There's just something about him that grabs my heart, and makes me hurt that I can't have him 
The wonderful times we shared together shall always remain in my heart. 
Love toward yourself - is the romance that lasts a lifetime.
The wound of Love can only be cured by the one who caused it.
It may take a lifetime to find true love, but when you do, you will have an eternity to share it. 
A kiss is a lovely thing designed by God for when words become unnecessary.
A great evil lies in conformity, for with it comes the absence of individual thought, and that leads to the destruction of truth. 
If a star fell from the heavens every second I spend thinking of you, then the sky would be baron in half a day's span.
You know when you are in love when no words are needed and the simple conversation of an hour-long gaze into each other's eyes satisfies your soul's longings.
Love is an atitude that reveals itself in action. 
Nobody will ever win the battle of the sexes. There's too much fraternizing with the enemy. -- Henry Kissinger
Love is a deep well from which we may drink often but into which we may fall but once. 
The game doesn't always depend on how you play your cards; but it's the hand you are dealt. 
Love is hard work! And hard work sometimes hurts! 
Your love is the fuel for the fire buring in my heart. 
Men should be buried in an underground dungeon; allowed up only for breeding purposes. 
Love has no boundaries; no chains to hold it back. 
One day, I woke up with you on my mind... I guess I did fall in love with you. 
It's good to love now, better to love also later, but the best to love forever.. 
It's a wonder... how the feeling you get when you fall in love feels the same as the pain you get when you lose that person. 
I didn't know I was looking for love until I found you. -- Everything But the Girl
How empty of me to be so full of you, until all I know is the sound of your voice and the taste of your lips. You have made me... 
When you're in love, you wear an unexplainable smile!! 
You can fool some people sometimes, but you can't fool all the people all the time. 
If you can't be with the one you love, love the one you are with.
I will greatly miss you, especially your presence in my life. Now my place in your book of life is gone and it is time to move on. So as time goes by, and there are more good-byes I hope that you remember me and the thoughts of our 'time'.
I can be with you always, whether you're near or far, for I have roads inside me that take me where you are. 
The power of a glance has been so much abused in love stories, that is has come to be disbelieved in. Few people dare now say that two beings have fallen in love because the have looked at each other. Yet it is in this way that love begins, and in this way only...Nothing is more real than these great shocks which two souls give each other in exchanging this spark. -- Victor Hugo - Les Miserables
We laughed until we had to cry, we hugged right down to our last goodbye, we were the best we'll ever be, just for a moment, you and me.
I've never given anybody my soul, but I'm coming undone.
Speak softly my love, hold me close against your heart... because my life is yours... 
Keep your face towards the sunshine and you cannot see the shadows. -- Helen Keller
From the moment that our lips parted for the first time, and our eyes were married in a long loving glance, my heart told me that you were the one; My lips needed some more reassurance, but my heart was for certain! 
Love cures people... both the ones who give it and the ones who recieve it.
Truth never changes only our perception of it changes. 
Is it right to assume something about your partner? Some may say no, but will eventually change their minds once their heart is broken. 
Love is like a game, play it right or you lose! 
True love is the absence of fear. -- I John 4:18
You must have loved a man of genius before you can appreciate what fun there is in loving a fool. 
I know I love him because every time I look into his eyes I see infinite happiness and serenity. 
Love is like sanity, sanity like holding hands... when you let go, both sanity and love are diminished. 
Real tears are not those that fall from the eyes and cover the face, but those that fall from the heart and cover the soul. 
Love is like sand, if you grasp it too tightly it slips through your fingers. But if you hold it just right it will stay there forever. 
Someone once asked me why I wanted to be in love... I simply answered 'That's the only way I can survive.' 
I am woman. Don't try to understand why I am. Just love me for what I am. 
You are my lover, you are like the curls of my hair, you remain strong until the end, through life's twist and twirls. 
Being in love with someone special makes the heart tickle with excitement. If love was a rainbow you'd be yellow because you brighten my day with just a smile. 
It may take a lifetime to find true love, but when you do you will have an eternity to share it. 
In order to love, you must risk pain. 
Love is a feeling of serenity within the heart, a feeling of homecoming, whatever the distance between you and your love. 
Patience is the key to her heart. It has a great security system, you can only get in if she gives you the key willingly. 
When I read my first love story, I started looking for you, not knowing how blind that was. Great lovers don't just meet somewhere, they are inside each other all the time.
My life is for me but my heart is for you. 
Without love in a dream, it will never come true.  -- Jerry Garcia
Love is like a rose. It needs tender care in order to bloom.
My life is incomplete without you. A feeling in the pit of my stomach, a feeling of complete depression when I'm not with you lets me know that I cannot live without you. 
There are hundreds of languages in the world but a smile speaks them all. 
The wise woman is that who adds some suger to what she says to a man... and some salt to what she hears from him. 
Love is the greatest energy in the world and the least expensive. 
You love me I know you do, 'cause your eyes really speak for you. 
They say it's just puppy love but they don't know anything because our love is more than they could see. 
You're everything I want in a lover, you're everything I need in a friend. 
True beauty has unlimited power. It is not just what they look like but it is the things they do that makes you fall in love with them all over again. 
Love is a great feeling having him beside me... as long as he is there and I am here... that's a nice feelin'. 
Love was when I loved you, one true time I hold to. 
Yet I should forget you, I would never forgive myself if I did. 
Love is like a candle. It's lit in one instant, but it takes a long time to burn down.
My soul's ambition is to love you. Love you with all my heart, my mind, and with all my strength. 
One need not look towards the heavens to find an angel for I have one here before me. 
Just as the ocean is full of water, so must your heart be full of love to give to all of man. 
A rich man may have many things, a poor man even less, but I have what no man has and that is your love. 
Absence is to love as wind is to fire; it extinguishes the small, it inflames the great. 
Think of this, you looking into your computer screen seeing letters coming from somewhere out there. Then think of me on the other end, saying them, meaning them. 
True love is not something that comes everyday, Follow your heart, it knows the right answer. 
Many waters cannot quench love, neither can the floods drown it. 
This is the true measure of love; when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved before us, and that no one will ever love in the same way after us. 
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look that becomes a habit. 
Until you've met it, love is nothing but pain. 
Smile -- for it is the second best thing you can do with your lips.
Love isn't what makes the world go 'round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile. 
Search your heart, search your soul, and when you find me there, you'll search no more. 
Love is a step for the heart but a journey for the soul.
Fate has its way of changing....just when you don't want it to.
I love the life because it gave you to me... I love you because you are my life...
Only choose in love a woman whom you would choose as a friend if she were a man. 
There are two things a man can never hide: that he is drunk and that he is in love. 
Love is not blind.. it sees more.. not less. 
I'd rather one breath of her air, one touch of her hand, on kiss of her lips, than an eternity without... 
I'd rather die tomorrow than live a lifetime without having known you. 
The greatest pain is to love in vain. 
There are two kinds of love: physical and spiritual. One cannot live or survive without the other, as two lovers cannot survive without each other.
They say that love hides behind every corner. I must be walking in circles.
When I first saw you, I saw love. When I first touched you, I felt love.
He told me once, 'You know you're in love if you can see your reflection in her eyes.' Mine was there...so was his.
If you have loved, then you have lived. If you've been loved, then you know life is good!
Chosen by your heart, living your every breath and joining with your soul that was my only wish.
Be the best that you can, because your capacity to love will be in the same proportion.
Those times we are temporarily holding each other close are the times I would like to permanently stay.
Love is within the heart, not the eyes.
Love is within the heart, not the eyes.
Love is a tool to help us learn about soul things.
I have waited a very long time for you my love. It has sometimes been a very lonely time, but patiently I waited because I knew, when the time was right, I would find you...
It takes a life time to find someone, but only a moment to fall in love.
His reality is a desert, but his dreams colored my world.
Blood is red, but what color is your heart?
Everyday is the beginning of a lifetime of togetherness.
Love is the narrative of two hearts that share the same story.
You can never lose by loving; you can only lose by holding back.
My love for you is like a ring which has no end.
You never know it's love until your heart gets broken.
Love lights the flame of eternal burning.
A song once said that owning a lonely heart is better than owning a broken heart, those of us who have owned both will realize they couldn't have been more wrong if they tried.
Love has many entrances, but the only true way is through the heart.
You're a candle in the window on a cold and dark winter's night.
True love should be lived like an unperfect circle that has its bumps but never ends.
My creativity is based upon my inspiration.....you.
My love for you is a journey; starting at forever, and ending at never.
Love is like a radiant light that guides you in the mist of a dark path, It comforts you in your time of need.
Love is a haunting melody that I have never mastered and I fear I never will. 
Even though your love is as far as the farthest star in the universe, I still reach for that star, because I want it more than anything in the universe. 
With your love I'm like an angel, winged, beautiful, and in your eyes, heaven! 
Love is looking into his eyes and feel your hearts beat, beat by beat, at the same pace. 
When one fully understands something then they become bored. That is why love is so complicated. 
Would I rather think or feel? To think involves the mind. To feel involves the heart. 
If seeing is believing, let me be blind. For love is blind and I believe that you love me. 
Give love like your pet does. Unconditionally and without question.
A fool in love makes no sense to me. I only think you are a fool if you do not love. 
Why does it seem that only artists, musicians, and poets know how to express love? 
The greatest desire is to love someone so much that their happiness is carved on the chambers of your heart. 
If you walk right past the heart on the road of love, you will reach the soul.
Love is in the heart, and only when two touch is it shared.
A heart's thirst for love can only be quenched when two hearts drink from the same soul. 
Love is like the sun in that its warmth cannot be felt until it is exposed for all to see. 
The line between love and obsession is drawn by only by circumstance. 
True poets don't write their thoughts with a pen... they release the ink that flows from within their heart. 
If I can't say it to your face, then I'll say it to your heart.
Is not a kiss the very autograph of love? 
The angel of love will fill your heart and you will have all you seek in time to come. 
Pain and suffering is inevitable; being miserable is optional.
The greatest love a father can give to his children, is to love their mother. 
The greatest thing about love is that nothing else matters... 
Love is like gold - rare and treasured. Yet there is not just one piece of gold, but one that is unique to each person. Once you find yours, treasure it, and do not let it go. 
The biggest blessing in life is to have the certainty that you loved and that you were loved that's your ticket to immortality because the memories will always live. 
My soul cries for you every second that I live, and my heart reaches out for you every second that I love. 
Real love is when you will do absolutely anything and stop at absolutely nothing for the good of the person you love, whether or not the outcome is favorable for you. 
There are two ways to make love: You can kiss someone or draw a heart. 
I think love is like a road, a winding trail that does unfold, you know its love as you make your way, and your love is there to meet you halfway. 
True love is the grandest form of unity. 
Love that is selfish is infatuation. Love that is selfless is true and eternal. 
A soul without love is like a plant without water, withered and dying. 
The love in your heart wasn't put there to stay, love isn't love, till you give it away. 
A dream is a wish your heart makes when you're fast asleep. 
I know I will never give my girl a car because she can drive my crazy without one. 
Nobody knows what brings love, when you stop loving it's because you never started. 
Pain is temporary, love is forever. 
Fate only takes you so far, the rest is up to you, and only you. 
Love gives only of itself and takes only from itself. For love owns not, nor would it be owned; For love is sufficient only to love. 
How should we love? Love each other, but have space between your love; Let your love be as a flowing river between the banks of your soul. 
Loving is a pleasure for the heart, but a responsibility for the soul.
I wish that when I gave someone my heart, I could see whether or not they kept it or threw it away. 
Life is too short to talk about love......just feel it. 
Memories of special places; Treasured things and familiar faces; They never die or fade away; They make us happy still today. 
A thing of beauty is a joy forever. 
Of all the memories we've shared... none are as wondrous as the ones we're making together today. 
Alone I dare not climb... with you I reach new heights. 
The smile on your face brings a smile to my heart. 
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today. 
You can't judge a book by its cover... but you can tell how much its going to cost. 
America is my country and Paris is my home town. 
Love is the only gold. 
Trouble is a part of your life, and if you don't share it, you don't give the person who loves you a chance to love you enough. 
There is only one happiness in life to love and be loved. 
People change and forget to tell each other. 
Close together or miles apart we will always be heart to heart.
Oh remember in your narrowing dark hours that more things move than blood in the heart. 
She walks in beauty, like the night of cloudless climes and starry skies; And all that's best of dark and bright meet in her aspect and her eyes. 
There are many ways of earning respect. If it is given freely, then it is earned. For you, it is earned, simply by being what you are. 
True love is not for a second, but for eternity. 
If now, is going to be the last moment of my life, the first thing I want to do, would be holding you in my arms, my love. 
If my only love was to spend eternity in hell and I in heaven, I would gladly give thee one day in heaven for eternity in hell. 
If I had a 11 long stem roses and you I would have A perfect dozen, for you are the perfect flower. 
We must have been made from one body, split up into to beings, because together we are unstoppable. 
Set me as a seal upon thy heart, as a seal upon thine soul: for love is as strong as death and can leave as quick as life. 
The only things in life you regret, are the risks that you didn't take. Love is a risk that everyone must take once in their lifetime. 
When you are in love, its written all over you. Its no mystery to the world; people can figure it out even if you keep it a secret. 
I need not tell you I love you, time will show you I love you. 
You love simply because you cannot help it. 
Something good can come out of something bad, everything has a reason. 
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today. 
If you were to die 100 days from now, I would want to die 99 days from now so I wouldn't have to live a day without you. 
A smile happens in a flash but its memory lasts a lifetime. 
Love is to a heart what air is to a flame - it's needed in order to survive. 
Love is the fire that ignites the passion in my soul. 
Seeing is not believing, believing is seeing. 
Your love will entice me forever. 
You say it best when you say nothing at all. 
Some say hanging on to someone is what makes you strong... but sometimes it's letting go.
Hands as soft as yours should be sent to heaven and made a cloud.
Just one night in your dreams would be like spending eternity staring at the face of an angel. 
Women were created to drive men crazy. Whether it's crazy it a good way or a bad way, is the question. 
I see golden rays of love behind you, emitting through my soul.
To love and win is the best thing, to love and lose is the next best thing. 
I love when my heart smiles, but the best of all, it smiled because of you. 
The happiest part of my body is my heart, coz it always thinks of you. 
There are three letters carved in my heart, Y - O - U. 
I was born when you kissed me, and I died when you left me, but I lived for the two weeks you loved me. 
Never frown because you never know when someone is falling in love with your smile. 
Love is like playing the piano. First you must learn to play by the rules, then you must forget the rules and play from your heart. 
Love doesn't have the same meaning to everyone... therefore we are here to find our own meaning to love. 
A woman loves beyond her fears, believes beyond her doubts, trusts more than suspicions, and saves all of her tears for you. 
Looking back on ignorance, I was so very blind. But how was I to know that you were always mine? 
I still love you like the first day I saw you standing in the lifeless grass, an oasis in the desert. 
My heart still skips a beat when you say your three words, giving me a rush that lasts for days and strengthens my character. 
You're two inches from me, but it's still too far away. 
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love. 
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own. 
When the useless chatter stops, and you know that you can just shut the hell up for a while... that’s love. 
Hate is the closest thing to love, for no other feelings are as strong.
If I ever were to experience a feeling as bold as love, it would be through you.
I devote my heart to you, if you would be so kind to take it. 
A man is a 0. A woman is a 1. Together, they can be a 10 - Russian saying 
Since I can't be with you right now I will have to be content just dreaming about when we will be together again. 
Love is essential to a happy life so take risks. Love with all your heart, love with all your mind, it will be more than worthwhile. 
Some people say it as easily as anything I've ever heard but someday I hope, that they will learn love is more than just a word. 
I don't want to look at you because, if I did, I would never turn away... 
The sound of a kiss is not as loud as that of a cannon, but its echo lasts a great deal longer. 
Why is it that we spend a lifetime trying to define what love is... what love means... yet we know in an instant if we are in it?
So many are hearts that my words have come to touch. So many are hearts that have taught me to love so much. Beware to the one's that choose to let my words in. For you just might love the real person that lives deep within! 
When you feel lonely look to the sky and know that I am somewhere beneath that same sky thinking of you and wishing you were there with me. 
Thank you for teaching my heart to dance among the stars. 
Truly loving another means letting go of all expectations. It means full acceptance, even celebration of another's personhood. 
You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back. 
Missing you is only half the story. Hope the other half is you missing me. 
No poet can express love greater than the deepened love of the human heart. 
Whenever you kiss me nothing matters but that one instant, and all of my problems seem to disappear. 
Love is one, not one in a million, not one of a kind. When you find true love with someone, there's only one. Love is one. 
Even if a day should go by when I don't say I Love You May there never be a moment go by without you knowing that I do. 
I quietly Listen to your every thought as I wrap your soul in warm, soft light. 
When you die you will not be remembered for the value of your pocket or for what you have or had, but you will be remembered for the value of your heart and how much love you have. 
Love is the complete opposite of gold... the more you give, the more you have left to give. 
Hate binds you but love is your release. 
It is said that a good woman and a good book are both good to have. You can put the book away on the shelf to read later, but never put away a good woman, for she will not be there for you later. 
All I need is my one star in the sky, to wish for you everyday. 
The sweetest flower that grows I give you as we part. For you it is a rose... for me it is my heart. 
You know it's love when you can look at each other for minutes and say so much without uttering a word. 
Love has many meanings, but the only one that fits is you. 
The strongest human need is the need to love and be loved. Love makes every step light, every night starry, it is indeed the reason for living. 
Love is the greatest gift the heart has ever known. 
I wish you could live my life for just a moment. Then you would you see the difference you mean to me. 
Our love is like a golden chain that binds two hearts together.... And if you ever break that chain, my heart would be broken forever. 
It's easy to fall in love but hard to find someone who will catch you. 
To experience the coming together of you and I is to experience the ecstasy of an eternity. 
Love can soothe what love can burn. 
I'll give the music of the sunset, the rhythm of the sea, and when I learn to love you, I'll give the song in me. 
Love has to be nurtured like the bud of a rose, waiting to emerge into something strong willed and beautiful. If it's ignored it will wilt and die like love that is taken for granted. 
Of all the languages in the world love is my favorite.
True love can not be expressed in words or deeds, only in time can you show true love. 
A heart without another is a candle without flame.
The only place we truly live is in the loving thoughts of others. All else is but a shadow of a shadow.
Whenever we're apart it feels like a part of me is missing... and then I remember, you have my heart.
Love is like the grip of a newborn child, firm but loving.
Love is the essence of life. Once it is achieved, nothing else matters.
Money is not equivalent to caring. Anyone who believes this will eventually lose the person they love.
If a man is not willing to do anything for the woman he loves, he does not deserve to keep her.
In this world full of pain and sorrow, maybe once in a lifetime you'll find someone who will make you feel wonderful. Hang on to that someone no matter what!
Do not ask love why it loveth! For love does not answer why nor how, it only answers when and the answer is always the same, now and forever!
Did my heart love 'til now? Forswear it sight, for I never saw true beauty 'til this night. -- William Shakespeare
Always remember our love will never die, we'll be forever together until each of us is carried to the sky.
Love is the light to make the world beautiful.
Love is like honey on your lips, like water for your sole, like peace for your mind.
You're the sunshine of my life, Your absence causes a total eclipse of my heart.
When your life is filled with the desire to see the holiness in everyday life, something magical happens: ordinary life becomes extraordinary, and the very process of life begins to nourish the soul. 
With every moment we share, every smile, every touch, I become more certain that in you, I've found something I've looked for... for a very long time. I don't know what the future holds, but I do know how much your love excites me, and how happy I feel when I'm with you. And from this day forward... that's more than enough.
There is nothing that means more to me than the joys of life you've helped me see, With your openness and honesty... YOU will always have my me and my love.
Thank you for yesterday, today and always... For bringing me happiness right from the start and offering me both your love and your heart, for being so thoughtful in all that you do, overlooking my faults, and understanding me too
What love is: It is blind devotion, unquestioning self-humiliation, utter submission, trust and belief against yourself and against the whole world, giving up your whole heart and soul to the smiter  -- Charles Dickens
Love isn't guaranteed unless you say it not only on your lips, but in your soul completely.
To love is to admire with the heart; To admire is to love with the mind.
Love starts with a smile, develops with a kiss, and ends with a tear.
I'm gonna love you 'til the heavens stop the rain... I'm gonna love you 'til the stars fall from the sky, oh you and I. 
The best way to keep your heart alive is to be unafraid to use it.
Her thoughts float through my mind like a Angel on heavenly winds.Can't she see this, can't she hear the screams of my soul as the two of them reunited slowly fade to black in the night!
Sunshine from my love brings forth the roses in my cheeks.
If their smile warms your heart, embrace eases you, and kiss distills all wrong done to man, then you know that you have found true love.
Love is a captured moment.
If I can't say it to your face, then I'll say it to your heart.
Never say I love you if you don't care... Never talk about feelings if they're not there... Never touch a life if you mean to break a heart.
A diamond you are, lying deep in the vast ocean awaiting to be discovered. Maybe it was destined, destined that I dove along that path & found a 'sparkling' diamond. Now I place this rare gem close to my heart... FOR LIFE.
Sometimes we can love completely even though we don't completely understand those we love.
Nobody's perfect but some are special.
So afraid to love you, but more afraid to lose. Clinging to a past that doesn't let me choose.
No more memories, no more silent tears, no more gazing across the wasted years. Help me say goodbye.
Love is a flower that is glowing bright, Love is a flower that will shine through the night.
The story of life is quicker than a blink of an eye - the story of love is hello and goodbye, until we meet again...
The hardest part of dreaming about someone you love is having to wake up.
The strongest emotion is often expressed in silence.
Any child knows more of the meaning of life and love than any adult.
I'll promise to feed your heart with love if you promise to feed mine.
...And I don't understand, by the touch of your hand, I would be the one to fall, I miss the little things, I miss everything about you...
Love is when the presence of another makes you better.
We may not have everything together but together we have everything.
I can't show you my world of love if your not willing to come with me. So please take my hand.
I get hurt being with you, yet I'll get hurt without you. All I can do is stay with you, because no matter how much pain you give me I'll be right here beside you.
When I think of my love for you, my heart melts, though when I feel the love you have for me, you reshape my body into a dream of beauty.
When you are so far away, I only think of the moment when I'll hold you in my arms.....and breathe in your love, exhaling the purity of our souls combining together.
Love can make a summer fly, or a night seem like a lifetime. -- Andrew Lloyd Webber, Love changes Everything from Aspects of Love
Off into the world we go, planning futures, shaping years. Love bursts in and suddenly, all our wisdom disappears. Love makes fools of everyone. All the rules we make are broken. Yes love, love changes everyone. Live or perish in it's flame. Nothing in the world could ever be the same. -- Andrew Lloyd Webber, Love changes Everything from Aspects of Love
Love changes everything. Days are longer, words mean more. Love changes everything. Pain is deeper than before. Love can turn your world around, and that world will last forever. -- Andrew Lloyd Webber, Love changes Everything from Aspects of Love
The first time I heard your voice, I thought. The first time I saw your face, I knew. I've loved you before, and I will love you again. Something this deep, this powerful, can only stretch through several lifetimes.
They say all angels must to their clouds return but I was left to burn, and blow a kiss to what might have been.
I laugh at lust and I laugh at distance, for I know my love is true. He is my destiny and I know.
Love doesn't make the world go round... but the trip's sure worth the while.
Two souls with but a single thought, two hearts that beat as one.
To love one who loves you, to admire one who admires you, in a word, to be the idol of one's idol, is exceeding the limit of human joy; it is stealing fire from heaven.
Unremembered and afar I watched you as I watched a star, through darkness struggling into view, and loved you better than you knew.
Love is not blind - it sees more, not less. But because it sees more, it is willing to see less.
When we first met we did not guess that love would prove so hard a master.
It was just enough to sit there without words.
It is my heart melting and pouring down my face. If I cry enough, I will have no heart left, and when my heart is gone my tears will cease.
Getting married is telling the whole world that you belong together. Being in love is knowing it before anyone else.
Getting married is telling the whole world that you belong together. Being in love is knowing it before anyone else.
A man loses his sense of direction after four drinks; a woman loses hers after four kisses.
Not many men will be willing to die for love these days, but you can't escape the fact that millions are dying daily from the very lack of it.
You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be and I don't want to go home right now.
The reluctance to put away childish things may be a requirement of genius.
When in love: be fair and honest, even when it hurts.
Where you used to be, there is a hole in the world, which I find myself constantly walking around in the daytime, and falling into at night.
For we lose not only by death, but also by leaving and being left, by changing and letting go and moving on.
Everything in life that we really accept undergoes a change.
Love is... When two people don't like to be a part, they want to share everything heart to heart.
The world is so much better when you're dreaming...
There are many obstacles in life but with love, life's uncertainties are adventures in the making.
Love is like a 1978 Mustang II 302, small but full of power.
Love is magical but sometimes magic is all one big illusion.
A joyful heart is the inevitable result of a heart burning with love. -- Mother Teresa
Love is danger, love is pleasure, love is pure, the only treasure.
In life we don't know how many love's the Lord will send us, but we do know that one day he'll send the right one.
That look in your eyes tells me I'm the one.
If the blade of love ever cuts my heart in two, still I will run to you...
Being with you is like walking on a very clear morning - definitely the sensation of belonging there.
Love can be a marvelous thing if you care for it as a child and be amazed by it every moment of the day.
Don't ever frown, because you never know when someone might be falling in love with your smile.
The love in your heart wasn't put there to stay, because love isn't love till you give it away.
He drew a circle that shut me out heretic, rebel, a thing to flout..But love and I had the wit to win; We drew a circle that took him in.
He drew a circle that shut me out heretic, rebel, a thing to flout..But love and I had the wit to win; We drew a circle that took him in.
The moment I heard my first love story I began seeking you...not knowing that the search was useless. Lovers don't meet somewhere along the way, there in one another's soul from the beginning.
Three words... Two people... One soul.
Women are like tea bags, You never know how strong they really are until you put them in hot water. -- Nancy Reagan
Love is fire. But whether it is going to warm your hearth, or burn down your house, you can never tell.
Whenever I hear your voice, my heart wanna hold yours... forever.
Through all shadows of doubt, there is one thing I know for certain: I can't live without you.
I love you more than words can say in a lifetime. More than I have ever dreamed, I love you.
Absence makes the heart go yonder.
If there were no tears, no way to feel inside, I'd still feel for you. And even if the sun refused to shine, even if romance ran out of rhyme, You would still have my heart, Until the end of time.You're all I need, my love, my Valentine.
Those eager, smiling eyes warm me like the sun. Hunger that you show me is hope where I've had none. The sureness you embrace has kissed me with delight and lead me to a place that's filled my appetite.
Smarter than the tricks played on your heart, we'll look at them together then we'll take them apart - Adding up the total of a love that's true multiply life by the power of two.
The less I seek my source for some definitive, the closer I am to fine - I'm harboring a fugitive, defector of a kind, And she lives in my heart and drinks of my wine - I'd give my last breath to keep us alive.
I don’t know where this road is gonna lead us, but what a beautiful night for a drive baby, put your mind at ease - Drop the top and feel the breeze - Just follow all the signs to paradise.
Let us not love in word, neither in tongue; but in deed and in truth. -- 1 John 3:18
Though time can change so many things, I know one thing is true. Time will never change the way I feel for you.
Fate has its way of changing... Just when you don't want it to.
Love is being in it... and not even knowing it.
There's always a reason behind a lovers fight; whether to know how they love or to make them drift apart.
Sorrow is hurt but it is also the process of healing.
Your eyes pull me to the shore, where I will crash upon your lips.
Love is... like a complicated maze. When you think you're about to get out... you turn the corner and you're right back where you started...
Love is a bridge that binds hearts.
Like the rose, our love will bloom. Unlike the rose, our love will never die...
The one you love must not only respect what he can see, your body, but also what he cannot see, your mind.
The heart and the mind are the greatest controversy. Follow your heart because your mind is influenced by the world around you, and the heart is influenced by the love you feel inside. And love is the greatest force, power, and strenght of all!
Love is like a water, we cannot live without it.
You wouldn't know that I was there cause I have been there all the time, and if I had my way I'd hold you in my arms and leave this madness all behind.
I'll be your crying shoulder, I'll be love suicide, I'll be better when I'm older, I'll be the greatest fan of your life.
True love lies in the heart of us all, but it takes someone special to unlock it...
Love is like a photo negative.. it needs darkness to develop.
Love is like art... the more you practise the better it gets.
Never resist a temptation that can lead to eternal bliss...
Love is a gift, not an obligation, follow your heart and always trust the person you love.
Love is to linger... not to dance in the shadows of the brokenhearted.
Love is like air... it's not important unless it's not there!
Sighs are the natural language of the heart.
A kiss, a hug, loving all night long and greet the new day with a smile!
With true love comes no doubts, no jealousy, and no worries.
If you think my eyes are beautiful, it's because their looking at you.
For a man to love a woman, he must first use his own heart.
Love is the way I feel when I can't imagine my life without you.
Love is like quicksand, the more you fight it the faster you sink.
I wish that when I gave someone my heart, I could see whether or not they kept it or threw it away.
You and I will live a lifetime, but our love will last forever.
I wonder if I will ever find someone who would be willing and want to pick up the million broken pieces of my heart.
There will always be that special place in my heart open to only you.
To love and win is the best thing; to love and lose is the second best.
Words cannot fully express the extent of my love for him. But if you saw the way I cried when he left me, then perhaps you would understand.
The highest to which a man can aspire is most uncontrolable, it is love.
Why do you love me? Because I finally learned what the word means.
No matter how badly your heart is broken, the world does not stop for your grief.
Love is like a butterfly, it settles upon you when you least expect it.
Forgiveness is the scent a rose sheds on the heel that has crushed it.
I'm not saying leave him but if you are going to move, move this way.
If you love someone, love from the depth of your heart.
If you trust someone, then you must have a blind trust.
If you see someone without a smile, give one of yours.
Infatuation brings aggravation. One sided love brings pain. Two sided love brings bliss.
Platonic friendship is the interval between the introduction and the first kiss.
My heart smiled when you kissed my lips. What a sweet suprise.
Love is like the truth: it will set you free.
Love is like quick sand... the deeper you go, the harder it is to get out.
love is strong. It's roots are deep, and its branches reach all the way to the sky.
Never is a promise... and you can't afford to lie.
Fear is the cause of death, it can be conquered by love and power.
If you only listen to your heart it will reveal all the answers you seek.
Love is not only as strong as a roaring wind, but as gental as a summers breeze.
Love is that feeling which, once felt will forever be cherished and will immediately change one's life forever.
The highest compliment one can be paid by another human being is to be told: 'Because of what you are, you are essential to my happiness'
Do you want me to tell you something really subversive? Love is everything it's cracked up to be. That's why people are so cynical about it... It really is worth fighting for, being brave for, risking everything for... and the trouble is, if you don't risk anything, you risk even more.
Everytime I think of you I always catch my breath.
Before a heart is captured, it must be willing to be caught.
'Tis better to have never met you than to dream about you and find you not here.
Love doesn't make things easier, just worth it.
Love is how close you become to another, no matter how far apart the world may separate you.
I'd rather have a moment of wonderful than a lifetime of nothing special.
My love and I are inseperable and I would want it no other way and if time could express my love for her then it's forever and a day.
I can't wait to be with you, see your smile, look in your eyes, feel your sweet touch, hear your perfect words and kiss your pefect lips.
It's hard for me to try and understand the way I feel about you and the way it made me feel to hold your hand.
When you love someone - you'll feel it deep inside And nothin' else can ever change your mind.
When you find the person you're going to marry, you'll know. You won't say I found him. but We found each other.
Love is like art you must know it to appreciate it.
I will live in thy heart, die in thy lap, and be buried in thy eyes. -- Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing
One soul in two bodies.
There's a smile I've waited my whole life for.
Love is like a river, it is everlasting.
I love thee for thy heart, and not for thy knowledge in thy mind.
One who shows too much pride is the one hurt and left aside.
Truth, like love, knows no age.
You are my sunshine, for when you smile down on me, it gives me the strength to go on and smile.
Love isn't something that needs to be said... expression and passion is where it is found and it goes to the depths of the heart.
When evening shadows and the stars appear and there is no one to dry your tears I could hold you for a million years to make you feel my love...
Love quickens all senses... except for common sense.
Love is but a five cent word for a priceless feeling.
Grasp the subject, and the words will follow; Win the heart, and so will the person.
People make the mistake in loving things and using people; We should be using things and loving people.
To love someone is to trust them with your heart and know that while they have it, nothing will harm it.
A man who cares for nothing loves nothing and if he loves nothing what point is there in his life?
Some people say that love is like a flower, well i wouldn't hope so because most flowers always die!
What is love? Love is two vowels, O & E. Love is two consenents, L & V. Love is two fools, you and me.
...and then I did the simplest thing, I leaned over and kissed him and the world cracked open...
I would give up all the happiness in the world to relive the time we had together.
You are the cherry on my sundae.
When you are in love, it is the most glorious two-and-a-half days of your life!
The world today is hungry not only for bread but hungry for love; hungry to be wanted, hungry to be loved... -- Mother Teresa
I kiss you from afar...
I will hold you for as long as you like, I'll hold you for the rest of my life, Always looking for ways to love you, never failing to fight at your side.
The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all.
Crystal is clear, so is love!
Born to live, Destine to love!
Love is like the five loaves and the two fishes. It doesn't start to multiply until you give it away.
Your heart will be broken everyday... if you let it.
In a hot summer night... would you offer your love to the wolf with the red roses.
You can't begin to learn to love until you learn to learn.
Love is power granted to those strong enough to weaken.
There are many fish in the sea but your the only one for me.
If you really love someone, put a circle around their name, not a heart, because a heart can be broken and a circle goes on forever.
Love is the feeling of truth in your heart when he says he'll love you forever.
They say you don't know what you have until it's gone. I say you know exactly what you have until it's gone and then you are free to imagine what you may have had.
After making love to me for the first time my boyfriend turned to me and said, now when you look at me you are no longer seeing a seprate person, your seeing a part of yourself.
Hope is the only crop that can grow in any climate.
Every day is a new start and a chance to make right what went wrong yesterday.
Loving someone that doesn't love you is like reaching for a star. You know you'll never reach it but you just got to keep trying.
If you love someone you give everything you can and not expecting on any return.
Love is much like a wild rose: beautiful and calm, but willing to draw blood in its defense.
Love is like a flower, it starts as a bud, then blooms into something beautiful...
The greatest flower scent in my garden is your heart.
The tide of love favors those who can swim.
Love is like a wolverine, short-sighted and hasty; if it cannot find a way, it will make a way.
Love is the re-unification of the two halves of a split soul.
Cherish your today's, for they will become the yestarday's which can never be brought back.
To live is to love. All the senses are for it, and all reason is against it.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals. -- Ben Franklyn
There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not.
There is no remedy for love but to love more. -- Thoreau
Love is not blind - It sees more and not less, but because it sees more, it is willing to see less.
If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand.
When the span of forever just never seems long enough, thats how you know its love.
Its hard to tell your mind to stop loving someone if your heart still does.
I can make no apologies for following my heart.
A friend is always good to have, but a lover's kiss is better than angels raining down on me.
I will give you water if you will share your wine... and I will feed your heart if you promise to feed mine.
Don't be too shy, knowing it's no big surprise that I will wait for you, I will wait for no one but you... could I love you, could you love me?
I remember thinking I'll go on forever only knowing I'll see you again... and I know the touch of you is hard to remember, but like that touch I've known no other.
You've forgotten how it started; close your eyes, think of all the bubbles of love we made.
I'm pushing zero, where is my hero? He's out there somewhere, left of the middle.
Love is like a hunger, a food that is always needed, true love will fill the soul!
One attracts another with the qualities they display, and retains them by the qualities they possess.
Love is a bird, she needs to fly.
Love is the beauty one cannot see. Even though you can't see it, it doesn't mean its not there.
People who fall in love shall one day fall out of love too, people who are born in love are in love always and forever.
The hardest part of loving someone is knowing when to let go, and knowing when to say goodbye.
Tomorrow morning when you wake up, and the sun does not appear, I will be here. If in the dark you lose sight of love, hold my hand and have no fear... I will be here.
Love is like a blazing fire. If you don't respect it, and take it for granted, you'll be burned.
Love is written L-O-V-E, but it spells so much more for so many people.
The love we give away is the only love we keep.
The love we give away is the only love we keep.
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
In the arithmetic of love, one plus one equals everything, and two minus one equals nothing.
Try to reason about love, and you will lose your reason.
Love is like quicksilver in the hand. Leave the fingers open and it stays. Clutch it, and it darts away.
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
Love is a bird with golden wings, who flies into your heart and sings.
There's this rose in a garden that I can't part. For you are that rose and the garden is my heart.
Its him, his love that keeps me going.
A kiss is its own love story that can only be told by the one receiving it.
A kiss is its own love story that can only be told by the one receiving it.
Sometimes someone small has a big heart, and has a soul that completes yours, then, you fall in love.
Love is not only something you feel, it's also something you do.
Life comes and goes but Love will last forever.
If love conquers all, and is itself inconquerable, then why let distance separate?
There is one pain I often feel which you will never know because it is caused by the absence of you.
You are who you are today because of what you lived yesterday.
Love is choosing to live your life to touch someone else's.
A million stars and a million dreams... he is the only star I see and only dream I dream.
True love is when you have to watch a friend leave, with the knowledge that you might never see him again. But you know he'll be in your mind and heart forever...
So many times I thought I would never find someone to love me the way I needed to be loved. Then you came into my life and showed me what true love really is!
Your love is like a river, peaceful and deep. Your soul is like a secret that I never could keep. When I look into your eyes I know that it's true. God must have spent a little more time on you.
As night and day phase in and out, so does love unless you shout...
The greater the virtue, the greater the love rewards.
I close my eyes and see your face, and know that in my heart you've taken your place.
Love without pain is unappreciated, for how can you know the value of love if you have not hurt first?
I'll always be there. There when the world and it's promise is failing. There when the frost of it's winter is cursing. There when the tears in your eyes keep on asking me why. I'll always be there.
I'm so lost without you. Feeling lonely, scared & cold. I'm so lost without you. Tell me baby, when are you coming home?
People tell me to never hold what I love in my pocket. I tell them I never do... I hold it on my hands and watch it glow
People tell me to never hold what I love in my pocket. I tell them I never do... I hold it on my hands and watch it glow.
Love knows no age, but neither does truth.
There are three words that, when meant with all the power of the heart, can change a person more than they ever thought possible: I love you.
Of all the words of tongue and pen, these are the saddest: It could have been.
I can tell how much you love me just by the look on your face, it's too much to ever express in words, but that look captures it all.
I could tell the first time you hugged me that we are meant to be. You hugged me in a way I had never been hugged before and it made feel better than ever.
To love and to be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.
It is by chance you met her, by choice you became friends, by fate you became soulmates...
Love is more than a feeling , it is a act. You have to let your heart go free before you can truly feel love.
If you are the dreamer, I am what you dream. But when you want to wake, I am your wish...
The human heart has hidden treasures. In secret kept, in silence sealed.
When I look into the eyes of my love, I see forever, I see warmth and safety, I see two hearts beating together, for each other, for the rest of our lives.
Gravitation can not be held responsible for two people falling in love. -- Albert Einstein
Work like you are not working for money, Dance like no one is watching you & Love like you have never been hurt.
Life gives us time but only love gives us meaning.
Love believes in itself and the reflection. That is why it is a crystal clear emotion!
Love, so simply said with one syllable, In one swift dance between the tongue and mouth, Harbors indefinite connotations, Complications beyond the imagination.
I have 200 sheets of paper in front of me and I still don't have enough room to tell you how much I love you.
The past is history, the future's a mystery, and the present is a gift!
I've acted out my love on stages with ten thousand people watching, but we're alone now and I'm singing this song for you.
A soft rain falls gently on my weary eyes, As if to hide a single tear, My life will be forever autumn, Because you're not here
This is the true measure of love, When we believe that we alone can love, That no one could have loved so before us, And that no one will ever love In the same way after us!
He has achieved success, who has lived well, laughed often and loved much.
To love a person is to learn the song that is in their heart, and to sing it to them when they have forgotten.
Sometimes I just forget, say things I might regret, it breaks my heart to see you crying, I have always needed you, I could never make it alone.
In life, there are many roads, and there is one known as love. When you come to the end of this road, you have found true love.
Time will make you forget me but time will make me love you more than before. 
Take the words 'I love you'. Now multiply them by infinity and take them to the depths of forever and you will still only have a glimpse of how much I really do love you.
No one is too young for love, because love does not come from the mind which knows the age, but from the heart which knows no age!
Lay your troubles on my shoulder, put your worries in my pocket. Rest your love on me awhile.
Out on your doorstep I was all butterflies because all of the moonlight in the sky was no match for your eyes.
Out on your doorstep I was all butterflies because all of the moonlight in the sky was no match for your eyes.
How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard.
Love is like the sun: it shines in even the darkest hour!
Love is like the sun: it shines in even the darkest hour!
When Love enters our life we will let our heart to rule over our mind.
A part of you has grown in me, and so you see, its you and me, forever, and never apart - may be in distance but never in heart.
In order to truly love, one must realize that love can be lost. Love is infinitely stronger with this realization because it is given nonetheless.
When the rain in blowing in your face and the whole world is on your case, I will offer you a warm embrace, to make you feel my love.
If two people loved each other as much as the world, then they wouldn't let the world get in between them, no matter how far away they were from each other.
We'll share the stars in the summer night, We'll share the stars in the winter night. One Heart. One Whole. One Love. I Can't live... With or Without you.
Any couple's dream, wished with the same strength, will come true.
Faults are thick when love is thin.
Anything less than mad, passionate, extraordinary love is a waste of time, there are too many mediocre things in lfe, and love should not be one of them.
Some times a kiss may be needed more than a thousand words.
People won't remember what you did. People won't remember what you said. But, people will remember how you made them feel.
Everyone has some magic. You must try to find it.
Love lost leaves another love found.
Fate can only take you so far, after that it's up to you. You have to make it happen.
You say don't fear your dreams, it's easier than it seems. You say you'll never let me fall from hopes so high, but never is a promise and you can't afford to lie. -- Fionna Apple
Love is inevitable, we just have to look deep in our hearts to find it.
Nothing breaks the silence like a kiss.
The heart and the soul must bind together to make true love.
Your words mean nothing if they're not from the heart.
The story of love is hello and goodbye... until we meet again. -- Jimi Hendrix
All the qualities I wish I had, my love owns, and all the qualities he wishes he had, I own. We complete each other.
Love is the one constant in an ever changing universe.
Love is the one constant in an ever changing universe.
Time is tireless and my love is endless.
Live is matter of choice but love is love.
Trust is my bridge, confidence is my security and love is my live.
Beauty is a sublime human emotion like the tranquil sound of echoing evergreen valleys... and you are just beautiful!
Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers. -- Voltaire
How do you teach your heart it's a crime to fall in love again?
Do you know that telling me how much you love my children means more than you telling me how much you love me.
To have somebody is good. To love somebody is priceless.
I'll give you anything you want, anything you ask for. All I want is your love in return.
True love will be remembered by all, yet not all will know of true love.
When you are loved, you know not of why, but only to love in return.
When you say that you love someone, you're not always right, but when you feel that you love someone, you know that it is true.
Love is something no quote could describe.
When you love someone they become a part of you, maybe thats why its hurts so much when you lose someone you love, you lose a part of yourself.
To love another person is to see the face of God.
As individuals we are good but together we are the greatest.
With each glance into your beautiful eyes, I fall in love over and over again.
We were initially born as one. At birth a lightning bolt struck us down the middle and split us apart. To the end of the world we were sent, only to find each other when the time was right. -- Plato
Love is like playing the piano. First you must learn to play by the rules, then you must forget the rules and play from your heart.
The only thing far more important than letting me know how you feel, is showing me how you feel.
He may have everything he desires, but he lacks happiness, for one without a friend is without joy.
Love can be only two colors which are black or white. It can't be neither or both. In other words, it can be everything or it can be nothing!
Love is the feeling you feel when you feel the feeling you have never felt before.
Love is the essance of human experience and emotion. It is at the root of all and everything we as humans do. Without love, what do we have to live for?
Being in love is not half as dangerous as wanting to be in love.
Love is never what you want it to be. Love is what you make it to be.
Love is only as strong as the one that submits to it.
When I looked into your eyes, I saw love. Now when I look at myself, I see the love you left me.
Love is looking into their eyes and being able to feel them, without a word they say just the right thing.
Love is a women's eye that is soft and frail at times, but still able to break any barrier with only a blink.
Love does not change its mind, only infatuation does that.
Love is the last great mystery of life.
With love you never feel alone, or left empty. There is always the warmth of tranquility and well-being.
There is a thing as fate but it only takes you so far and once your there it is up to you to make it happen.
The heart holds truths that words can only hint at.
He is no fool who gives up what he cannot keep, to gain what he cannot lose.
Just because they don't love you the way you want doesn't mean they don't love you with their all.
Love is like air, you cannot see it, however you can feel it. Sometimes it can create great turbulence and other times it is so calm you question it's reality.
Love isn't just 'at the moment' it's forever.
The dreams of yesterday are todays goals and tomorrows successes.
Reflection is a learning tool of the past to enlighten you on the future.
I respect, admire and adore her, for she is my love, my life, one day my wife and mother to my children.
Maybe the journey is tough and maybe I've given up the fight but the spirit is still alive and the spark was never snuffed...
You can't make someone fall in love with you... it just simply has to happen.
I love you because I am sensitive to touch and you have touched my heart!
Anyone can make of fool of themselves, but not everyone can go up to a person and tell them that they love them.
Many people come and go through the doors of our lives, taking what they need and giving what they can. Our moments were only seconds of a lifetime but enough to warm the heart.
Away from the eyes, away from the heart.
Sometimes love is greatest when words are fewest.
A thought is wasted if not shared.
Love is not a sacrifice given to anyone, but a real pleasure given to the most special person.
Love is a light that shines from heart to heart. -- John Denver
What I need to live is given to me by the earth, but what I need to live for is given to me by you.
And with no place to hide, I looked in your eyes and I found myself in you.
When you give someone your heart, you're giving them your life; When you give someone your soul, you're giving them 'forever'.
He who bends to himself a joy doth the winged life destroy; but he who kisses the joy as it flies, lives in eternity's sunrise.
Absence lessens half-hearted passions, and increases great ones, as the wind puts out candles and yet stirs up the fire.
Twice or thrice had I loved thee before I knew thy face or name, so in a voice, so in a shapeless flame, angels affect us oft, and worshipped be.
The first kiss is the beginning of the song of life.
The first kiss is the beginning of the song of life. It is uttered by four lips proclaiming the heart as throne and love as a king. It is the first flower at the tip of the branch of the tree of life.
A thousand years to a steadfast heart is but a day.
To be loved you must be able to love. Open your heart up to the world and it is amazing what you will find.
All my life I have been searching for TRUE MAGIC, but you were right here beside me the whole time.
Love is when you have bad day, but then you see the one you love, everything sees ok.
Love is when you have had a bad day, but when you see the one you love, everything seems ok.
Love is learning to put your pride aside and letting your heart lead the way to both of your happiness.
The sweetest sound of all is that of my own name spoken by someone I care about.
Love is like an hourglass, with the heart filling up as the brain empties.
The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end.
The mistake we make is when we seek to be loved, instead of loving. What makes us cowardly is the fear of losing that love.
I'll think of another way to get him back. After all tomorrow is another day.
The way to love anything is to realize it might be lost.
Two souls with but a single thought, two hearts that beat as one.
Love doesn't sit there like a stone. It has to be made like bread and remade all the time, like new.
From the moment I saw her, I knew we had a future.
To be truly in love is doing something for your partner with nothing but love in your heart and all you want in return is the smile on their face.
My love for you is so timeless. It's deeper than the depth of emotion.
Spare a smile, or even a hug, if you shall not share your love.
You're my star and when I'm far, you're not alone cause your heart's my home.
Let the love you feel in your heart release the tension in your soul.
Right when you think you don't need love is when you need it most.
Nothing spoils the taste of peanut butter like unrequitted love.
You know what's weird? Day by day nothing seems to change, but pretty soon everything is different.
There's no real meaning to love. Its just something you feel in your heart.
It takes 3 seconds to say I love you, but it takes an eternity to show it.
If I never met you, I wouldn't like you. If I didn't like you I wouldn't love you. If I didn't love you I wouldn't miss you, but I did, I do and I will.
The only thing that separates me from love is the fear of falling out of it.
Love is like Heaven...The most beautiful thing that many haven't experienced.
Love may last for just a moment but memory can make that moment last forever...
Arguing is a waste of time but making up is oh so sweet.
Don't worry where your mate is. The heart can travel a long distance.
Not much can conquer the power of one's heart.
A hug is like a boomerang because you get it right back.
And through the rough roads you will find your shining star.
When I can't be with you,...I touch you with my thoughts.
Strange how laughter looks like crying with no sound & how raindrops taste like tears without pain.
You have not truly lived your life, until you've shared the depths of it with some one you love.
You say you'll give me a highway with no one on it, a treasure just to look upon it, all the riches of the night. You say you'll give me eyes in a moment of blindness, a river in a time of dryness, a harbor in the tempest... But all I want is you.
And now, I'm glad I didn't know the way it all would end, the way it all would go. Our lives are better left to chance, I could've missed the pain, but I'd have had to miss the Dance.
If it was a drink, it would be a strong one. If it was a sad song, it would be a long one. If it was a color, it would be deep, deep blue. But if we're talking bout heartache, it would be you.
It takes everything to gain one thing, yet it only takes one thing to loose everything!
Your love is the greatest gift I could hope to receive...
You are never too young to love, nor are you ever too old. You find love when it is the right time! Only the heart knows when!
Love is like a roller coaster there's always going to be a huge line but in the end it's worth the wait.
Take me back into the arms I love. Need me like you did before. Touch me once again and remember when there was no one that you wanted more.
What is wisdom without learning? What is receiving without giving? What is living without loving?
I think you're truly something special. Just what my dreams are really made of
Never thought that love could feel like this and you changed my world with just one kiss, how can it be that right here with me there's an angel?
Trust is when time and love see forever, together.
Sleep in comfort, build your dreams. Wake with them fresh in mind. Tonight you'll drift away again. And more dreams there you'll find.
Losing love is the heart's way of making you feel something... even if all you feel is pain!
I could never regret loving you because although you don't love me anymore, I know that you once did and that is the most wonderful feeling because I never thought that I deserved your love.
Love is to feel what the other is feeling even if they are far away.
It's confusing and perplexing and painful and insecure and blind and difficult and cunning and free yet we all want to love because it's such a gift to be able to.
Just when you think you've got it all figured out, you do the dumbest thing you possibly could... you fall in love.
Love is a tender rose; when properly nourished, it becomes sturdy and enduring, but neglected it will wither and die...
I wonder if she makes him smile the way he used to smile at me? I hope she doesn't make him laugh, because his laugh belongs to me.
If every word I said could make you smile, I'd talk forever.
My wish is not to mean everything to everyone, but to mean something to someone.
When the tears are on the outside, the healing's on the inside.
Smile--for its the second best thing you can do with your lips.
Love is for you to create... you can shape it, mold it, into something beautiful, or you can smother it, kill it... watch it whither away.
I am as close to you as the air on you skin,and you fill my heart like sunshine in a forest.
A person can be in love with someone forever till the end of time. But if that person doesn't tell or show the feelings of love, it will be just another person living in a dream, lost of true love.
Saying 3 words: I love you sounds easy, but it's not saying the words that really count, it's saying them from the heart that matters.
Only a person who has not felt true love can move on in life saying 'There are lots of other fish in the sea.'
Lucky people experience love once; Gifted people find love for life. Blessed people found love for eternity.
Love is a gift not a privilege you need to understand; Love is a gift you give each other, not just holding hands.
The only magic in this world in the magic of 2 hearts falling in love... no other claim to fame is magic... it is just make-believe.
Love is a funny thing, you can find it, lose it, or search for it all your life.
True love only comes once in a life time, so take it as it goes and enjoy every bit of it while it is still burning strong.
Without you, I have nothing. But with you, I have everything.
Across my heart I had written 'No Thoroughfare'; But your love came laughing by and said I enter everywhere!'
When looking for love, don't be selfish and look just to be loved, look for love to give all the love you have. Only then can you find love.
Love is the every beat of my heart, every turn of my head, and every step of my life. Love is a feeling like no other.
 I love you in big ways, I love you in small ways. I love you this minute, I love you always...
Telling someone how you feel doesn't hurt as much as not saying anything at all to that someone who is deeply in-love with you.
If equal affection cannot be, let the more loving one be me.
Any fool can love somebody who's perfect, somebody who does everything right. But that doesn't stretch your soul. Your soul only gets stretched when you can still love somebody after they've hurt you.
If the winds were to whisper their greatest words from now until eternity, they still wouldn't describe your outstanding beauty.
I can live without any friends, any family and any money but I can't live without you.
When my heart first touched hers a warmth filled me, one of which burned in my soul for ever from that day.
If I die never having loved, then I die never having lived.
I am forever holding you in my heart, and there and there only will I never let go.
I never felt true love until I was with you, and I never felt true sadness until you left me.
Cherish love when you find it... for even as it ascends to your heights and caresses your tender branches... so shall it descend to your roots and shake them.
If you love someone, you should not only tell them, you should also show them.
Love is when you sleep at night with him in your thoughts and greet mornings with him in your thoughts again.
Love is essentially a gift of oneself to another.
It's friends that become the deepest love. It's like one day someone flicks a switch and you wake up and your best friend becomes the person you could never live without!
The entire sum of existence is the magic of being needed by just one person
My heart longs for you, my soul dies for you, my eyes cry for you, my empty arms reach out for you.
If I can learn to forgive and forget then life can go on. If I can not than I shall die being in love with someone beyond my reach.
I'll sweep you off your feet, and make God regret he left an angel behind.
I've learned that trust takes years to build, but mere seconds to destroy. And then it's going to take you even longer to rebuild it
Love is finding that 'single most important being to ever grace my existance.'
Its nice to be important but it's more important to be nice.
Love is perhaps the only glimpse we are permitted of eternity.
Without you in my life, the light in my soul grows dark and gloomy.
All the love that history knows is said to be in every rose. Yet all the love that could be found in two, is less than what I feel for you.
Hold on to the one you love without actually holding on.
My husband asked me to marry him on Valentine's Day and inside his wedding ring I had this inscribed, 'My One & Only Valentine.'
And I don't regret the rain, or the nights I felt the pain, or the tears I had to cry some of those times along the way. Every road I had to take, every time my heart would break; it was just something that I had to get through, to get me to you.
If the people we love are stolen from us, the way to have them live on is to remember them. Buildings burn, people die, but real love is forever.
Dancing is just two people communicating... talk to me!
Where the heart is willing, it will find a thousand ways; where it is unwilling, it will find a thousand excuses.
Love dictates, but a kiss writes the secrets to the heart!
Don't clip my wings, I want to fly. Don't hide me from the world, I want to see and do. Don't treat me like a trophy that gets dusty over time. Let me live, learn, and ah, yes, even love!
A relationship needs two mutual parts or the one will give the other a broken heart.
Life is only worth living once you've found something worth dying for.
Trip over love, you can get up. Fall in love, you'll fall forever.
If you love someone go for it and take the chance. They might turn out to be the love of your life.
If the only place where I could see you was in my dreams, I'd sleep forever.
If you feel like you're only here to live for somebody else, then you're not really living at all. You need to first live for yourself.
Love is a mysterious thing, only if your heart is free and you mind is clear will you understand love.
Love is like a rose: when you have it in your grasp, you have to bare the thorns.
Trying to put into words how much I love you would only lessen the meaning of them.
Once you find Your true love,your heart will know it because it will always leave a feeling inside of you that never goes away.
Just the thought of being with you tomorrow, is enough to get me through today.
The definition of love is: To have a deep and tender feeling of fondness and devotion... The feeling of love is undefinable.
Its been too many nights of being with, to now suddenly be without.
You can't make a heart love somebody, you can lead a heart to love but you can't make it fall.
Keep in mind we're under the same skies and the nights as empty for me, as for you. If you feel you can't wait till morning, kiss the rain.
Have you ever just completely given up on someone and then, something happens and you go, 'Oh my God, there is so much more to this person then I had ever dreamed?'
For twas not into my ear you whispered but into my heart. Twas not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
Friendship is not an occasional desire, but a lifetime dedication.
Having a conversation with a woman is just talking.Having a conversation with her soul is to kiss her heart.
If your heart gets broken by the one you truly love, don't let go of the love for the person but let go of the person!
To love for the sake of being loved is human, to love for the sake of loving is angelic.
Love ever gives-forgives-outlives and ever stands with open hands. And while it lives, it gives. For this is love's prerogative - to give and give and give.
She left me at Sears... and I cried all the way to Wallgreens.
A real friend will catch your tears when they trickle down your face.
Love is a word that can build and burn bridges to the soul.
People come and go in our lives and as they do they leave behind gifts; gifts of love and happiness that last beyond our own lives and on into eternity.
When you love someone, you're always insecure.
I've learned that you cannot make someone love you. All you can do is be someone who can be loved. The rest is up to them.
True love cannot be found where it does not exist nor can it be hidden where it truly does.
The most painful pain one can ever feel comes from love and yet no one wants to live without it.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
You have the key to my heart baby. No one is coming inside my world but you.
With a kiss I'll say goodbye and with tears in my eyes, I speak the words of forgiveness waiting to be yours at the right time!
Love is neither fair or sincere if you're just going through the motions.
Love looks through a telescope, jealousy looks through a microscope.
Little space is the cause of claustrophobia, a lot of space is the recipe for loneliness.
You burned me with your brightness, like baby stars, and now I am forever branded with your love.
When you can't stop thinking about him and dreaming about him, when you see his face everywhere you go and hear his sweet voice call your name over and over... What can I tell you, my friend? This is called love.
You are the stars in my wishing sky and I will wish on them every night you and I are apart, until we are together again.
When I kiss your sweet lips I feel as though the world is at my fingertips.
Kiss me and you shall see stars, love me and I'll give them to you.
Love is like a puzzle; it takes time to find the perfect match.
Memories of love, bring us to the past, but it's not easy to understand that we need to be in the present to love.
I love her, that is all I can say. I cannot find the words to do justice the rest of my feelings.
Love is a two way street, it can't survive with only one person's love - no matter how strong that love is.
I doubted I could believe in something I couldn't see, I couldn't see love or trust.
The most beautiful discovery true friends can make, is that they can grow separately without growing apart.
In time, there is nothing wrong with completely and utterly falling for someone extraordinary. As long as that extraordinary someone is there to catch you when you do.
In the arithmetic of love, one plus one equals everything, and two minus one equals nothing.
No matter how painful your past love life is, be brave and smile, look forward to tomorrow, someone is out there waiting for you.
Relationships are like cooking. You have to experiment with different ingredients before you get the perfect recipe.
When you experience love for the first time, real love, you live a new life; one that you never knew existed before.
The sparkle in his eyes leads me down paths my feet have never walked before.
The sparkle in his eyes leads me down paths my feet have never walked before.
I like not only to be loved, but to be told that I am loved.
Even if your love doesn't fill up my days any longer, my soul is still a prisoner of the abyss of your eyes.
Love breathes when you're out of breath. Love sits by the bedside when you're near to death. And love still feels it when the feeling is gone. Love lives on and on.
Love is a fruit in every season, at all times, and within reach of every hand. -- Mother Theresa
Love is a fruit in every season, at all times, and within reach of every hand. -- Mother Theresa
We see a lot of things, but none of that matters if we lose sight of what we want.
When you look in my eyes please know my heart is in your hands. It's nothing that I understand but when I'm in your arms you have complete power over me.
Love the magician knows this little trick, where two people walk in different directions... Yet always remain side by side!
Every little girl knows about love. It is only her capacity to suffer because of it that increases.
I looked at you looking at me, now I know why they say the best things are free.
Love is the everlasting power of emotions that one person has for the other. And no matter what that person says, that power is forever.
Telling you how much I love you, is like trying to capture a shooting star... impossible!
True secret of love - Never demand, always give.
Love is like a beautiful sunset - you enjoy every minute of it, but when it finally disappears, you long for it to return again.
Our love will survive the space between us... No distance can alter our feelings for each other... For we're truly in Love...
They say the eyes are our windows to our souls, but I know when I look into your eyes, I will see a reflection of myself.
True love should never die.When it does..then you realize it was all a lie.
Trust is hard to gain but harder to keep.
Our heart is the driving force in our life and the mind is the brake.
A life without love, is like an angel without wings.
I LOVE YOU - Within these three words lies the depth and passion of a lifetime.
If you want him to fall head over heels, give him something to trip over! 
The difference between physical attraction and love is the ability to see the same person at their best and at their worst and still desire them without one false step.
When you're looking for love, you don't find it. When you aren't, love finds you.
If you can't love me at my worst, you don't need me at my best.
Distance can never undo the love of two hearts.
Love is the softest thing to touch my heart and you are the softest to me.
I may not get to see you as often as I'd like. I may not get to hold you in my arms all through the night. But deep inside my heart I know, this is for real and no matter what, I'll always love you.
When I first saw you, I saw love. And the first time you touched me, I felt love And after all this time, you're still the one I love.
I may not get to see you as often as I'd like. I may not get to hold you in my arms all through the night. But deep inside my heart I know, this is for real and no matter what, I'll always love you.
I cross my heart and promise to, give all I've got to give to make all your dreams come true. In all the world, you'll never find, a love as true as mine.
Love is a state of mind which has nothing to do with the mind.
When you say that you love me, more than anybody, than anyone's ever been loved before, no matter how much you love me, baby I still love you more.
I know somebody, they cry for you. They lie awake at night and dream of you. I bet you never even know they do, but somebody's crying.
I forgot how to see...until your eyes met mine...
Friends are the roses of life... pick them carefully and avoid the thorns!
It takes three seconds to say I love you, three minutes to explain it and a lifetime to learn it.
The beginning is usually scary, the end is usually hard, but its what's in the middle that counts and you just gotta wait for hope to float up
Do you believe in life after love? I can feel something inside me say I really don't think your strong enough.
What you feel is what you are and what you are is beautiful.
True love is a destiny, the kind that is unexpected and the type that one cannot run away from.
Love knows no boundaries. It constantly perseveres in all kinds of weather.
You can fall in love in an instant. It's letting go that takes time.
The sweetest of dreams come true with you in my heart.
Late at night when all the world is sleeping, I stay up and think of you. And I wish on a star, that somewhere you are thinking of me too
And there's no where in the world I'd rather be, than here in my room dreaming about you and me.
Love is when you are kept awake at night with thoughts of him... and when sleep finally finds you, he is waiting there in your dreams.
Sometimes in love you must accept the fact that what makes the person you cared about happy might on the other hand leave you so lonely.
We all have two parts. Its our destiny to find the other one, to finally be whole and complete.
Lead your heart to many opportunities but don't let everyone and anyone hold the KEY.
Life is like a book, some chapters are closed and some are not meant to be finished.
Love is a whisper in the wind, the beat of a song and the intensity of a summer night that adds up to a glorious explosion of everything wonderful.
Let your mind be the voice and your heart be the reason.
True love cannot be confessed, only expressed.
If your name was a prayer, I'd be in heaven by now.
Follow your mind and be smart, follow your heart and be happy.
For long you'll live and high you'll fly, smiles you'll give and tears you'll cry. All you touch and all you see is all your life will ever be.
Remember me with smiles and laughter, for that's how I'll remember all of you.
When in life and love, reach for the moon. Even if you miss you will land among the stars.
People say true friends must always hold hands, but true friends don't need to hold hands because they know the other hand will always be there.
If there were an image to go with the word perfection, it would be a portrait of you.
I own your heart. You own mine. Within the beauty of our love we are spirits entwined!
You know it is love when you look into your partners eyes and you can see your destiny staring back and then you realize that all rainbows make lullaby dreams come true.
I love thee with all the breath, smiles and tears of all my life. -- Elizabeth Barret Browning
I love thee with all thy breath, smiles, tears of all my life.
Give me my Romeo, and when I shall die Take him and cut him out in little stars, And he will make the face of heaven so fine That all the world will be in love with night and pay no worship to the garish sun. -- Shakespeare
What lies behind us and what lies before us are are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. -- Ralph Emerson
A house is made with walls and beams; a home is built with love and dreams. -- Ralph Emerson
My new philosophy on love is that, no one can tell you what it is or what it means, but rather that you just know you are. 
True love is like a butterfly, once you set it free, it is hard to recapture. 
I don't know what brought us together, What strange forces of nature conspired to construct the present from the past. I'm reminded that what I feel for you remains strong and true, Long after the pleasures of the flesh. 
Between the idea and the reality, Between the motion and the act, Falls the shadow. 
True love is not two souls coming together, but one soul finally finding it's other half. 
Love doesn't harm or hurt... if you're in a relationship that someone is causing you pain or to hurt it isn't love! 
Where love reigns the impossible may be attained. 
Hold fast your dreams within your heart keep one still secret spot, where dreams may go and sheltered so; may thrive and grow where doubt and fear are not, oh keep a place apart within your heart for little dreams to go. 
Wise men say, only fools rush in. But I can't help falling in love with you! 
You know you are truly in love when you can have a miserable day, and still go to bed with a smile on your face. 
Love is when your hearts locked up, and someone holds the key! 
If love doesn't come your way, don't wait for it, but instead go out and find it. 
Love is like a diamond. it's only beautiful if you shape it. 
Love is a whisper in the wind the beat of a song and the intensity of a summer night that adds up to a glorious explosion of everything wonderful. 
Love is a whisper in the wind, the beat of a song and the intensity of a summer night that adds up to a glorious explosion of everything wonderful. 
Two hearts, one soul, dancing in the night, dancing in the day, never skips a note, never skips a beat, just goes on and on forever. 
Love whispers not into the ear, but into the heart and soul of you. 
If I could hold a star for every time you've made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand. 
If we believed in love, we wouldn't worry about the problems of tomorrow, there'd be a strength inside of us to last the rest of our lives, we'd never break away, never let go. 
The intimacy between a man and a woman is what keeps the word sane. 
It only takes three words to show the object of your affection how much he/she means to you. Those words are: 'I love you.' Simple truths are the most profound ones. 
You loved then you failed, you loved and got rejected, you loved but you lost! With all these failures you still can't stop yourself from loving... because our lives depend on it. 
When you love, don't give your all, but give your best. It's not quantity after all, it's quality. 
Love is letting yourself go and knowing the person you love is there to catch you. 
Love re-invents you to become a better person, a person who grows in all aspects. 
Love is letting go and receiving again. 
I find love in you, I find life in you. When we find love in each other we will never die. 
Sometimes, some things are better left unsaid. The depth, the meaning, of each muted words were much more heard and deeply held. 
It was no accident me finding you. Someone else had a hand in long before we ever knew. 
If you have built castles the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundation under them. -- Henry David Thoreau
The day I fell in love with myself was the day I truly started loving you. I didn't know it could be this wonderful. 
I bet there are as many stars as there are people on earth. I guess I found my lucky star! 
The heart that loves is always young. 
To love something is to need it for your well-being. To truly love something is to need it for your existence. 
Since you are my sunshine and I am your raindrop, together we can create an everlasting rainbow of love. 
To have found love is to be complete; for you are no longer in search of that missing part of yourself. 
The thought of being without you feels like my heart is being ripped from my body.
You are my first star at night and I'd be lost in space without you.
It's going to take a lifetime to give you all this love!
The problems in your relationship are not to destroy you, They are to make you learn to be a better person.
Find yourself and you will find your true love. Its out there waiting you just need to know how.
If the eyes are windows to the soul then a kiss is the best way to taste it.
Love is the one thing we can never get enough of. Love is also the one thing we can never give enough of.
Don't show her that you love her. Show her how much you love her.
There lies more peril in thine eyes than twenty of their swords. -- Shakespeare
Love is like a road, you either travel it and marvel at the wonders it can bring or you don't travel it and wonder what it would be like.
No knight can be brave unless he is in love; Love gives the knight his courage.
Do lovers fall in love with each other or merely the thought of Love?
Loving you...is like food to my soul.
Can you show me the way to the road of love? I have lost it and need your splendor to show me the path to eternity?
In a dream, my love, you will find my heart.
Love is what we live for, but we don't realize we love until we have lost.
A kiss when all is said, 'Tis a secret; told to the mouth instead of the ear.
Love, the source of light and life, can almost destroy the heart of the soul.
I wish upon a star that our love last until the end of time, and lives on in our children.
Real love isn't a journey, but a destination.
I'll tell you what real love is. It is blind devotion, unquestioning self-humiliation, utter submission, trust and belief against yourself and against the whole world, giving up your whole heart soul to the smiter- as I did! -- Great Expectations by Charles Dickens
Love is when you feel that any time spent without that other person in your presence is a complete waste of time.
Love works like an hourglass with the heart filling up as the head empties.
Love: when you have it, nothing else matters; when you don't, it doesn't matter what else you have.
Love isn't something you get at the corner store so when you think that he's the one stick with him.
Look into my eyes and you will see what you mean to me...
I miss you when I'm sad, I miss you when I'm lonely, but most of all I miss you when I'm happy.
You may forget the friends you laughed with, but you will never forget the friends you cried with.
Your love is as a kaleidoscope....with each turn of each new day your love brings new visions of hope, desire, passions and love never ending.
Sit your hand on a stove for a minute and it seems like an hour, sit next to a pretty girl for an hour and it seems like a minute, that is relativity. -- Albert Einstein
Love is like flying - it is an exhilerating feeling that nothing else can create, but when you crash, it hurts like hell.
True love is, when everything in the world is going wrong, all you have to do is look at that special person and, suddenly, everything in the world is right again.
I knew what I wanted, but didn't know what I needed until he came along!
Love is like a barren place and reaching out for human faith is like a journey I just don't have a map for...
No love, no friendship can cross our path without leaving some mark forever.
Finding true love is rare, and for those lucky enough to grasp and hold onto this elusive gift, they have lived the life of privilege, as surely as that of a king.
When a couple is in love, it is the feeling of knowing that there is no diaster that can seperate the dam that holds back the tides from destroying the love that they have built.
Love is a raging battle: you never know if you're going to win unless you try.
Death cannot stop true love. All it can do is delay it for a while.
There's only one risk in life worth taking, it's the risk of getting hurt when you fall in love, but experiencing the joy of being in love is worth all the pain anytime, anyday!
You must have to cherish your visions and your dreams for they are the children of your soul and the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Whenever we may find ourselves together or apart, the spirit of our love is forever in my heart.
Love is like an adventure, new obsticales each day; but to survive, one must not only love, but commit.
Love is like an adventure, new obstacles each day; but to survive, one must not only love, but commit.
Love is a dance step that never goes out of style,sometimes you stumble,sometimes you hurt your partner's foot, but often time you must learn new steps to survive.
Would you be my angel to have and to hold? Would you be my rose to cherish more than gold? I love you so much. I wish you were mine, but all I can do is wait till that time.
Beauty is nothing more then to hear you call my name. For I never thought an angel like yourself would ever speak to me.
Love is an insecurity that can only be secured with trust and honesty! Have the courage to say the truth and hear the truth!
A lawful kiss is never worth a stolen one.
Love is something that you should wish for...but NEVER expect!
Every moment of life is so precious and every moment I'm not with you is a moment wasted!
Thoughts of you, and the unceasing love that they reveal, have the power to change my world!
A smart girl can open up my mind, a pretty girl can open up my eyes, but only a sweet girl can open up my heart.
It's hard to say that you'll be mine right here by my side walking hand in hand under the moon so bright!
Whatever your cross,whatever your pain, there will always be sunshine after the rain. Perhaps you may stumble, perhaps even fall, GOD is always ready to answer your call.
I can never change the direction of the wind but i can adjust my sails to reach my destination, the wind brought me to know you. Hope we'll stay in touch for the rest of our lives!
Love with your whole heart and always say the things you long to say....because you never know when they will be gone
I know you haven't made your mind up yet, but I would never do you wrong. I've known it from the moment that we met, there's no doubt in my mind where you belong.
Something in your eyes captured my soul, and every night I see you in my dreams. And being my best friend, you're all I know, I can't let go!
I love you, with my heart and yours because they are the same.
Love is like being naked in the daylight instead of just having your clothes off in the dark.
All the thousands of acres on this luscious green earth couldn't even describe half of your beauty.
A heart in love with beauty never grows old.
There are no such things as obsticles when love is at hand.
Love is like the sun- the only guarantee that it will return is faith.
Love will find a way while everything else finds an excuse.
Why wait for what may never come when you have everything in front of you?
Even if love is full of thorns, I'd still embrace it for I know that in between those thorns, there is a rose worth all the pain.
Love not because of, but inspite of.
A love so pure and true will never die... it lives in the depth of your heart until the end of time.
If you love someone, draw a circle around there name, because a heart can break into little pieces, but a circle goes on and on.
Don't love with your heart, or you'll lose your mind. But love with your mind so you can use your heart.
My love is like a melody that's sweetly played in tune.
If you love someone, and they don't know, take a chance and tell them so.
Why is it that the only one who can stop you from crying, is the one that is making you cry?
The only way to know how you feel is to forget what you're feeling and go for it!
I know it's hard to keep an open heart when even friends seem out to harm you. But if you can heal the broken heart wouldn't time be out to charm you?
People are never perfect, but love can be. So why waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love?
Everytime I tried to tell you the words just came out wrong, So I'll have to say I love you in a song. -- Jim Croce
Love is just a word till someone you meet gives it a meaning.
Love is not just an emotion, it is our very existence.
Love is not a feeling; it is a decision and a responsibility.
There is such a thing as fate, but it only takes you so far. And once you're there, it's up to you to make it happen.
True love doesn't need to be spoken but rather felt bewteen two souls.
An angel's face I hold with star lit eyes and a peaceful soul. The perfect balance between woman and child. A dream so surreal and she's mine.
You blew into my life like a whirlwind, offering me stormy passion. Then I stepped into eye of the storm and there I found your peace.
Most People spell love with four letters 'L O V E'I spell it with only two 'U S'
Forget who hurt you yesterday, But don't forget who loves you tenderly today.
If death shall take me away, love shall bring me back...
I never dreamed I'd feel this fire beneath my skin, I can't belive you love me.
My love, you came to me like wine comes to this mouth. Grown tired of water all the time, you quench my heart and quench my mind.
Reason and love are sworn enemies.
Its important that you hold me in your arms but its more important that I am held in your heart.
If you lit a candle for every reason I care for you, you would have a sunshine all through your life.
Sometimes it stops, sometimes it flows. But, baby, that is how love goes.
Love is a contradiction: Its hard to find but so easy to lose and it opens your eyes but makes you blind.
When you Love someone, you'll do anything. You'll do all the crazy things, that you can't explain.
Love is like a fine cigar: Sweet and tasty in the beginning and satsifying for the duration, but you have to go slow if you want to make it last.
Love is a gift, not an obligation.
Love is like a puzzle: When you're in love, all the pieces fit but, when your heart gets broken, it takes a while to get everything back together.
My heart dances to the beat of your heart.
True love comes once in a lifetime. It is revealed subtly and appears without warning. So open your heart to feel it, for once you do, nothing will ever be the same again.
Look up and smile at the setting sun for tomorrow it will rise again and love will shine upon you.
This is the 90's. You can't just dump your boyfriend anymore, you have to recycle them.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them. -- Mother Theresa
Of all the reasons God gave me to live, you are easily the best.
Love is an enigma waiting to be solved.
The heart survives on hope.
Love is a fire, but whether it will warm your heart or burn your house down, you never know.
The best part of everyday is seeing you in everything I do.
If my heart could talk, it wouldn't have anything to say but I love you.
You know you're in love when she falls asleep in your arms and wakes up in you dreams.
Had I no eyes but ears, my ears would love that inward beauty and invisible, Or were I deaf, thy outward parts would move each part in me that were but sensible; Though neither eyes nor ears to hear nor see, Yet should I be in love by touching thee. Say that the sense of feeling were bereft me, and that I could not see, nor hear, nor touch,And nothing but the very smell were left me, Yet would my love to thee be still as much. -- William Shakespeare
Love without obstacles is called true love. Search for it while you still have a chance, because if you find it you're the luckiest guy in the world!
Remember, as much as you search for love, love will search for you!
You, my love, are Spring's first blossom in the garden of my heart.
To continue loving someone when there is no promise of that love thriving-that is romance. 
You don't have to hold on to the pain to hold on to the memory. 
Just be yourself, whatever happens people can't take that away from you. 
I told myself it was over, like a dream vanishes in the morning light and in time, enough time, I would forget.
Where you go after you die is determined by where you went and who you went with when you were alive.
When your heart, body, and soul smiles; let it shine to brighten the lives around you.
We don't get to decide how we're going to die, or when, just how we're going to live. -- Harriet Beecher Stowe
Beginnings are usually scary, ends are usually sad, but its the middle that counts.
Life doesn't come with erasers!
Every man dies but not every man really lives!
In your eyes, I found a bond that neither time nor anything in this world could destroy; a bond of love!
Giving up does not mean you are weak it only means that you are strong enough to let go!
You never truly love a person until the mere thought of you hurting that loved one is enough to break your own heart!
The silence between us and the way we look into each other's eyes speak words that launguage cannot.
When I look into your eyes I am taken from this world to a place which is timeless and udescribable; where love is an eternity.
Love is the irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
Love makes its presence known from the inside out!
There is nothing more expensive than regret...
What breaks in an instant may take years to mend...
You'll never share real love until you love yourself.
Take my love and you take my soul's hearbeat.
You are what happened when I wished upon a star.
Did I ever tell you how I stopped eating when you stopped calling me?
If everything I said could make you laugh I'd talk forever.
I know we don't have long together, but remember when you're lonely at night I'm gazing at the same stars as you.
If you should die before me ask if you can bring a friend.
When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with someone, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.
Hearts will never be made practical until they are made unbreakable. -- The Wizard Of Oz
I don't want to lose this feeling. If I could choose a place to die, it would be in your arms.
I'd like to believe that people who come together, stay together. I have to carry it with me when I go to sleep, even if I'm alone.
How can you run, when you have no place to hide? How can you survive, when you have no food to eat? Simply, how can you live, when you have no one to love?
Sure I could just walk away from you, say goodbye and never look back, but you don't turn your eyes from the sun just because you can't hold it in your hand. 
True love never dies but only flickers in the wind. 
Love: Does it enable you to see what your eyes cannot? Or does it does it simply confirm what your heart suspects? 
Those who are lucky find love, those who are worthy keep it. 
You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by loving a person perfectly. 
A guy and a girl can be just friends but at one point or another one of them will fall for the other, maybe temporarily, maybe at the wrong time, maybe too late or maybe, just maybe ...forever. 
Love supersedes the gifts because it outlasts them all. 
Love is precious and sacred, it is also eternal and special. Once found, it can never be lost. Once gained, it will build on trust.
True love is a blinding light that only your heart can see, let your heart guide you to your love.
True love is nothing more than a smiling glance across an emotionless room.
A kiss says a thousand words.
Love is wonderful, love is kind, love is out there for the world to unwind!
True love is having a heartache that can only be cured by his gentle, sweet kiss.
True love is to reach out to the one you love and touch their heart, and never be able to let go again; to hold them not for a moment, but forever.
Hate me if you wish but do not look back at me with tears in your eyes and hatred in your soul.
You alone have stolen my heart, treat it well and it's yours for eternity.
Spontanaity is perfection. Planning is complicated.
Believe in the spirit of love... it can heal all things.
Love is... wanting you more than that first cup of coffee... or just as much.
True love open its door by itself, at the right time and at the right place.Wait and you'll see how love works, remember, love finds love, love seeks love and love sees you, not the other way around.
I know in reality we can't be together, so I just close my eyes and you're right here with me... in my dreams you're mine forever.
When I close my eyes, I still see you... When I take a deep breath, I still smell you... When I lick my lips, I still taste your kiss... You're my obsession.
You are my moon and my stars... Surrounded in dark, unintelligible nothingness of a sky, YOU shine out and bless me with your light and beauty...
No one said love was easy. But, no one ever said love doesn't have its rewards. When you see it in your partner's eyes, you will walk a thousand miles for it.
And you say that God doesn't answer prayers??? Well, you're living proof he does.
To see you is what my eyes long for, to touch you is what my body longs for, but to love you, my heart has done already for a long time.
The lightning crashes with the pain I feel striking my unloved heart.
When I hear the thunder roll, it reminds me of the feelings I have for you that are not mutual.
There's a smile on your face that lets me know that you need me, there's a truth in your eyes saying you'll never leave me, the touch of your hand says you'll catch me whenever I fall, you say it best....when you say nothing at all.
True Love comes only once to a person but I have felt it many times for you.
If love was lost in the living; then life was gained in the loving.
Lovin' you always is like a dream come true, and someday I hope to become a part of you. But until that day comes, I will pray that one day you will love me in the same way.
A cute guy can open up my eyes, a smart guy can open up my mind, but only a nice guy can open up my heart.
Love the ones who love you, not the ones who smile at you; because the one that smiles at you might be lying to you, but the one that loves you might be suffering for you.
Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ loved the church, and gave himself for it. -- Ephisians 5:25
You say you 'think' you love me. That sounds nice, but phony. Love either is... or it isn't, and thinking is baloney!
Thank you for opening the door to my heart, for making it a bigger and better place.... I'm just sorry you couldn't find your home in there!
How can you not see that I've been in love with you since I first looked into your eyes? Perhapse the better question is...how can you not care?
Love is like air... It's not important unless it's not there!
Love is not the one you can picture you are going to marry. But the one you can't live without.
It's been a wonder to me what living is all about...why we have to be here...and it all boils down to one thing... we're here to love and be loved.
I'd give up my life if I could command one smile of your eyes, one touch of your hand.
Love is a strong force, stronger than gravity itself!
No matter how I think we grow you always seem to let me know, it ain't workin'.
When I try to walk away you'd hurt yourself to make me stay.
I keep letting you back in. How can I explain myself? As painful as this thing has been, I just can't be with no one else.
The truth about love is out there, lies are just easier to find.
Within love, lies the very meaning of life.
Love is good and love is kind, love is drunk and love is blind.
Love exists,not merely to make life possible, but to make life good.
He who is afraid to shake the dice will never throw a six.
You are my 'Somewhere over the rainbow'.
If foundations made of steel can turn to dust, the hardest hearts of steel can turn to rust.
To meet, to know, to love then to part... is a sad tale for many a human heart.
True love is like a jigsaw puzzle. The pieces will find themselves when they are right for each other.
To love you is more precious than all the riches of the world.
You my love are the most beautiful, caring, and wonderful woman that ever lived and I'm hopelessly in love with you.
My lady's name is Sandi, a name that is synonymous with love, devotion, and beauty.
Love is like the sea, rough at times, smooth at others, but is always constant. Always be careful, love is a powerful thing.
I am like a child in a candy store looking for that one perfect piece of candy. Just when I gave up on ever finding it, you came along. You are the sweetest thing in my world.
Only once in a lifetime love rushes in, changing you with the tide. -- Mariah Carey
True love is not attraction. It is not a game. It is not a length of time. It is perfection. Do not stop looking until you have found perfection.
So many men, so little asprin.
It's not that I can't live without you, it's just that I don't wanna try.
I'm not in love with your beauty, I only admire it... I Love You.
We may not always know the moment that love begins, but we always know when it ends.
Love is passion, obsession, something you can't live without...
If every raindrop would mean 'I love you!', it would rain the whole damn day.
Love is the constant feeling of completeness when you are with that someone and not wanting that moment to end for anything.
Love is a beautiful thing, it must be treated with tenderness and compassion or, like a rose, it's thorns can make it dangerous.
If you have reasons for loving someone, then you are using your mind, but if you love someone for no reason, then you are using your heart.
Love is like a flame, beautiful if controlled, dangerous if not.
Love is like rain, you never know how hard it will be or how long it will last.
I'll dance with you when there's no music.
Don't put your love's name inside a heart because a heart maybe broken. Instead, put it in a circle for a circle is eternal.
Love is like glass. If you drop it, it shatters and can never be put completely back together, if you can put it back together at all. But love can also be like porceline - if it's meant to be it'll never crack.
I would rather be poor and in love with you, than being rich and not having anyone.
Know love, know happiness. No love, no happiness.
I could spend my time chasing a dream, but a dream can't chase me.
I never knew what love was all about until I started looking at you; no one ever tried to tell or show me, so I finally figured it out for myself. What you need is someone who without you can't breathe.
I looked at your face... my heart jumped all over the place...
I dropped a tear in the ocean... when they find it I'll stop loving you...
Love is when you take away the feeling, the passion, and the romance in a relationship and find out you still care for the person.
Love is knowing everything about a person, yet willing to be their all.
Some people wish they were little again cause skinned knees are easier to fix then broken hearts.
If you could spend and hour in my mind, a minute in my heart and a second in my soul then you know how it feels... me loving you.
Why is it that the most beautiful things in life are often the most dangerous? Sunlight, Trust, and Love are just a few. In Life, there will be sunburn, broken promises, and, of course, broken hearts.
He gently wiped the tears from her eyes... then softly kissed his hand as he walked out the door.
When you love someone, all your saved up wishes start coming out.
Last night I hugged my pillow and dreamed of you... I wish that someday I would dream about my pillow and I'd be hugging you.
Last night I hugged my pillow and dreamed of you... I wish that someday I would dream about my pillow and I'd be hugging you.
If, out of time, I could pick one moment and keep it shining, always new, I'd pick the moment I met you...
I'd rather be hurt by you, than love someone else.
Nothing is more beautiful than the love that has weathered the storms of life.
To love someone is to be yourself!
You know that it's love when you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams.
Live for today... dream for tomorrow... learn from yesterday.
Falling in Love is falling asleep in his arms and waking up in his dreams.
I love because you taught me how. I feel because you ignited feelings in my heart that I never knew were there before. I breathe because you give me reason to live...
Within you, I lose myself. Without you, I find myself... forever searching to be lost again.
Distance doesn't count if there is love in between.
The sexiest smile is a surfers smile so next time you smile do it surfers style.
Love is the emblem of eternity. It confounds all notion of time.
If I could live forever and all my dreams came true, I'd spend my life with you.
Lust is what brought me there. Love is what kept me there.
Kindness in words creates confidence, kindness in thinking creates profoundness, kindness in giving creates love. - Lao-Tze
The best and most beautiful things cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart.
They say that time mends a broken heart and true love never ends, but if true love never ended then time wouldn't have to mend.
Don't look at someone by where they're from; rather, look at what they are, and what they do because true love has no boundries.
It's not he who picks all the flowers in the world that is lucky; It's the one that has one flower, and calls it luck.
A person's heart is like a telephone- either the connection is bad, or it's busy.
Love is our daily exam.
Her eyes could tell a million words that I didn't want to hear. But her kiss that I miss is reducing me to tears.
The first time I saw you I already knew, there was something inside of you. Something I thought that I would never find... Angel of mine.
I am yours, you are mine, of that be sure. You are locked in my heart, the little key is lost and now you must stay there forever...