<!-- Required Data for wit.asp -->
Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses. No one in Greece has memorized all 158 verses.
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.
The average secretary's left hand does 56% of the typing.
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.
There are more chickens than people in the world.
Two-thirds of the world's eggplant is grown in New Jersey.
The longest one-syllable word in the English language is "screeched."
On a Canadian two dollar bill, the flag flying over the Parliament Building is an American flag.
All of the clocks in the movie Pulp Fiction are stuck on 4:20.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver or purple.
"Dreamt" is the only English word that ends in the letters "mt".
All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5 bill.
Almonds are members of the peach family.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a dance.
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.
There are only four words in the English language which end in "dous": tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous.
Los Angeles's full name is "El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula". And can be abbreviated to 3.63% of its size.
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
An ostrich's eye is bigger than it's brain.
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
In most advertisements, including newspapers, the time displayed on a watch is 10:10.
Al Capone's business card said he was a used furniture dealer.
The only real person to be a Pez head was Betsy Ross.
When the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers play football at home, the stadium becomes the state's third largest city.
The characters Bert and Ernie on Sesame Street were named after Bert the cop and Ernie the taxi driver in Frank Capra's "Its AWonderful Life"
A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.
On an American one-dollar bill, there is an owl in the upper left-hand corner of the "1" encased in the "shield" and a spider hidden in the front upper right-hand corner.
It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world.
Who's that playing the piano on the "Mad About You" theme? Paul Reiser himself.
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
The name for Oz in the "Wizard of Oz" was thought up when the creator, Frank Baum, looked at his filing cabinet and saw A-N, and O-Z, hence "Oz."
The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
Mr. Rogers is an ordained minister.
John Lennon's first girlfriend was named Thelma Pickles.
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf ball.
'Stewardesses' is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
"And if you've made a success of your family, then you've lived a successful life." - Bill Gates
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you. 
If you make it idiot proof, someone will make a better idiot.
f u cn rd ths, u cn gt a gd jb n cmptr prgrmmng.
Is it OK to yell "MOVIE!" in a crowded Firehouse?
Mr. Bullfrog says.... Time is fun when you're having flies!
Gravity. It's not just a good idea, it's the law!
If you are too old to learn, you were born so.
Don't use a big word where a diminutive one will suffice.
Disneyland: A people trap operated by a mouse.
It's bad luck to be superstitious.
Common Sense Isn't.
Money: The Mint makes it first, and we try to make it last.
Sooner or later, EVERYONE stops smoking.
To poldly bow air mobius gumby four: STAR TREK on Novocain.
Outside noisy = Inside empty.
Most computer problems are caused by a loose nut between the chair and the keyboard.
It may be that your sole purpose is to serve as a warning to others.
A hen is an egg's way of making another egg.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Do radioactive cats have 18 half-lives?
Chicken Little only has to be right once.
Argue not with dragons, for thou art crunchy and go well with brie.
I think, therefore I am overqualified.
Why did kamikaze pilots wear helmets?
Think hard now... which one is Shinola?
The best way to save face is to keep the lower part shut.
Isn't it a bit unnerving that doctors call what they do "Practice"?
War doesn't determine who's right, just who's left.
Madness takes its toll. Please have exact change.
He who laughs, lasts.
I believe you should live each day as if it is your last, which is why I don't have any clean laundry because, come on, who wants to wash clothes on the last day of their life? -- Age 15
Give me the strength to change the things I can, the grace to accept the things I cannot, and a great big bag of money. -- Age 13
It sure would be nice if we got a day off for the president's birthday, like they do for the queen. Of course, then we would have a lot of people voting for a candidate born on July 3 or December 26, just for the long weekends. -- Age 8
Democracy is a beautiful thing, except for that part about letting just any old yokel vote. -- Age 10
Home is where the house is. -- Age 6
I bet living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween. -- Age 13
I often wonder how come John Tesh isn't as popular a singer as some people think he should be. Then, I remember it's because he sucks. -- Age 15
For centuries, people thought the moon was made of green cheese. Then the astronauts found that the moon is really a big hard rock. That's what happens to cheese when you leave it out. -- Age 6
I gaze at the brilliant full moon. The same one, I think to myself, at which Socrates, Aristotle, and Plato gazed. Suddenly, I imagine they appear beside me. I tell Socrates about the national debate over one's right to die and wonder at the constancy of the human condition. I tell Plato that I live in the country that has come the closest to Utopia, and I show him a copy of the Constitution. I tell Aristotle that we have found many more than four basic elements and I show him a periodic table. I get a box of kitchen matches and strike one. They gasp with wonder. We spend the rest of the night lighting farts. -Age 15
When I go to heaven, I want to see my grandpa again. But he better have lost the nose hair and the old-man smell. -- Age 5
I don't know about you, but I enjoy watching paint dry. I imagine that the wet paint is a big freshwater lake that is the only source of water for some tiny cities by the lake. As the lake gets drier, the population gets more desperate, and sometimes there are water riots. Once there was a big fire and everyone died. -- Age 13
I like to go down to the dog pound and pretend that I've found my dog. Then I tell them to kill it anyway because I already gave away all of his stuff. Dog people sure don't have a sense of humor. -- Age 14
As you make your way through this hectic world of ours, set aside a few minutes each day. At the end of the year, you'll have a couple of days saved up. -- Age 7
Often, when I am reading a good book, I stop and thank my teacher. That is, I used to, until she got an unlisted number. -- Age 15
It would be terrible if the Red Cross Bloodmobile got into an accident. No, wait. That would be good because if anyone needed it, the blood would be right there. -- Age 5
Think of the biggest number you can. Now add five. Then, imagine if you had that many Twinkies. Wow, that's five more than the biggest number you could come up with! -- Age 6
The only stupid question is the one that is never asked, except maybe "Don't you think it is about time you audited my return?" or "Isn't it morally wrong to give me a warning when, in fact, I was speeding?" -- Age15
Once, I wept for I had no shoes. Then I came upon a man who had no feet. So I took his shoes. I mean, it's not like he really needed them, right? -- Age 15
If we could just get everyone to close their eyes and visualize world peace for an hour, imagine how serene and quiet it would be until the looting started. -- Age 15
Panda Mating Fails; Veterinarian Takes Over - Actual Headline
British Left Waffles on Falkland Islands - Actual Headline
Red Tape Holds Up New Bridges - Actual Headline
Typhoon Rips Through Cemetery; Hundreds Dead - Actual Headline
Man Struck By Lightening Faces Battery Charge - Actual Headline
Include Your Children When Baking Cookies - Actual Headline
Something Went Wrong in Jet Crash, Expert Says - Actual Headline
Police Begin Campaign to Run Down Jaywalkers - Actual Headline
Safety Experts Say School Bus Passengers Should Be Belted - Actual Headline
Drunk Gets Nine Months in Violin Case - Actual Headline
Prostitutes Appeal to Pope - Actual Headline
Clinton Wins on Budget; But More Lies Ahead - Actual Headline
Enraged Cow Injures Farmer With Ax - Actual Headline
Plane Too Close to Ground, Crash Probe Told - Actual Headline
Miners Refuse to Work after Death - Actual Headline
Juvenile Court to Try Shooting Defendant - Actual Headline
Two Sisters Reunite After 18 Years in Checkout Counter - Actual Headline
War Dims Hope for Peace - Actual Headline
If Strike Isn't Settled Quickly, It May Last a While - Actual Headline
Cold Wave Linked to Temperatures - Actual Headline
Enfields Couple Slain; Police Suspect Homicide - Actual Headline
New Study of Obesity Looks for Larger Test Group - Actual Headline
Astronaut Takes Blame for Gas in Spacecraft - Actual Headline
Kids Make Nutritious Snacks - Actual Headline
Never raise your hands to your kids. It leaves your groin unprotected. - Red Buttons
Did you ever notice when you blow in a dog's face he gets mad at you? But when you take him in a car he sticks his head out the window. - Steve Bluestone
Have you ever noticed? Anybody going slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac. - George Carlin
I'm not into working out. My philosophy: No pain, no pain. - Carol Leifer
I'm desperately trying to figure out why kamikaze pilots wore helmets. - Dave Edison
Anytime four New Yorkers get into a cab together without arguing, a bank robbery has just taken place. - Johnny Carson
I voted for the Democrats because I didn't like the way the Republicans were running the country. Which is turning out to be like shooting yourself in the head to stop your headache. - Jack Mayberry
Ever wonder if illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup? - John Mendoza
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they are okay, then it's you. - Rita Mae Brown
Now they show you how detergents take out bloodstains, a pretty violent image there. I think if you've got a T-shirt with a bloodstain all over it, maybe laundry isn't your biggest problem. Maybe you should get rid of the body before you do the wash. - Jerry Seinfeld
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific. - Lily Tomlin
Why does Sea World have a seafood restaurant? I'm halfway through my fishburger and I realize Oh my God....I could be eating a slow learner. - Lynda Montgomery
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, its time to pause and reflect. - Mark Twain
The real art of conversation is not only to say the right thing at the right place but to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Dorothy Nevill
Airplanes are the safest way to fly.... -unknown
If you mixed vodka with orange juice and milk of magnesia, would you get a Phillip's Screwdriver?
Why do we say something is out of whack? What is a whack?
Do infants enjoy infancy as much as adults enjoy adultery?
If a pig loses its voice, is it disgruntled?
Why do women wear evening gowns to nightclubs? Shouldn't they be wearing night gowns?
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
When someone asks you, "A penny for your thoughts," and you put your two cents in, what happens to the other penny?
Why is the man who invests all your money called a broker?
Why do croutons come in airtight packages? It's just stale bread to begin with.
When cheese gets it's picture taken, what does it say?
Why is a person who plays the piano called a pianist, but a person who drives a race car not called a racist?
Why are a wise man and a wise guy opposites?
Why do overlook and oversee mean opposite things?
If horrific means to make horrible, does terrific mean to make terrible?
Why isn't 11 pronounced onety one?
Could it be that "I do" is the longest sentence?
If lawyers are disbarred and clergymen defrocked, doesn't it follow that electricians can be delighted, musicians denoted, cowboys deranged, models deposed, tree surgeons debarked and drycleaners depressed?
Do Roman paramedics refer to IV's as "4's"?
Why is it that if someone tells you that there are 1 billion stars in the universe you will believe them, but if they tell you a wall has wet paint you will have to touch it to be sure?
If people from Poland are called "Poles," why aren't people from Holland called "Holes?"
Only in America...can a pizza get to your house faster than an ambulance!
Only in America...are there handicap parking places in front of a skating rink!
Only in America...do drugstores make the sick walk all the way to the back of the store to get their prescriptions!
Only in America...do people order double cheese burgers, a large fry, and a diet coke!
Only in America...do banks leave both doors open and then chain the pens to the counters!
Only in America...do we use answering machines to screen calls and then have call waiting so we won’t miss a call from someone we didn’t want to talk to in the first place!
Only in America...do we buy hot dogs in packages of ten and buns in packages of eight!
Only in America...do we use the word "Politics" to describe the process so well. "Poli"in latin meaning "many" and "tics" meaning "blood-sucking creatures!"
Only in America...do we have drive-up ATM machines with Braille lettering!
A rhinoceros horn is made of compacted hair.
The shortest war in history was between Zanzibar and England in 1896. Zanzibar surrendered after 38 minutes.
A polar bear’s skin is black. Its fur is not white, but actually clear.
Elvis had a twin brother named Garon, who died at birth, which is why Elvis’ middle name was spelled Aron; in honor of his brother. 
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors. 
Donald Duck comics were banned in Finland because he doesn’t wear pants.
Stewardesses is the longest word typed with only the left hand.
Shakespeare invented the words "assassination" and "bump."
Marilyn Monroe had six toes.
If you keep a Goldfish in the dark room, it will eventually turn white.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men. 
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left handed people do. 
The sentence "the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog" uses every letter in the English language. 
The name of all the continents end with the same letter that they start with. 
The word "lethologica" describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want. 
TYPEWRITER, is the longest word that can be made using the letters on only one row of the keyboard. 
If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction. 
The word racecar and kayak are the same whether they are read left to right or right to left.
A snail can sleep for 3 years. 
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served in first-class. (Ed. note: and then lost more by having pilots call in sick)
China has more English speakers than the United States.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist. 
Did you know you share your birthday with at least 9 million other people in the world.
"I am." is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
The longest word in the English language is 1909 letters long and it refers to a distinct part of DNA.
Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds, dogs only have about ten. 
Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere. 
If Barbie were life-size her measurements would be 39-23-33. She would stand seven feet, two inches tall and have a neck twice the length of a normal human’s neck.
Feb 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon. 
The Pentagon, in Arlington, Virginia, has twice as many bathrooms as is necessary. When it was built in the 1940s, the state of Virginia still had segregation laws requiring separate toilet facilities for blacks and whites.
No word in the English language rhymes with month. 
The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.
Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors.
In the last 4000 years, no new animals have been domesticated. 
Babies are born without knee caps. They don’t appear until the child reaches 2-6 years of age.
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed. 
Michael Jordan makes more money from Nike annually than all of the Nike factory workers in Malaysia combined. 
One of the reasons marijuana is illegal today is because cotton growers in the 30s lobbied against hemp farmers. They saw it as competition.
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.
The name Wendy was made up for the book "Peter Pan."
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour.
On average, people fear spiders more than they do death.
The strongest muscle in the body is the TONGUE.
It’s impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
Americans on the average eat 18 acres of pizza every day.
Every time you lick a stamp, you’re consuming 1/10 of a calorie. 
In ancient Egypt, Priests plucked EVERY hair from their bodies, including their eyebrows and eyelashes.
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
The ant always falls over on its right side when intoxicated.
Polar bears are left-handed. 
The catfish has over 27,000 taste buds, that makes the catfish rank #1 for animal having the most taste buds. 
A cockroach will live nine days without its head, before it starves to death. 
The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is attached to its body. The female initiates sex by ripping the male’s head off.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
Elephants are the only animals that can’t jump.
An ostrich’s eye is bigger than its brain.
Starfish haven’t any brains.
I stopped believing in Santa Claus when my mother took me to see him in a department store, and he asked for my autograph. -- Shirley Temple
If all the cars in the United States were placed end to end, it would probably be Labor Day Weekend. -- Doug Lars
A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it. -- Bob Hope
I know that there are people in this world who do not love their fellow man, and I hate people like that! -- Tom Lehrer
I was going to buy a copy of The Power of Positive Thinking, and then I thought: What good would that do? -- Ronnie Shakes
It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper. -- Rod Serling
Somewhere on this globe, every ten seconds, there is a woman giving birth to a child. She must be found and stopped. -- Sam Levenson
Television - a medium. So called because it is neither rare nor well-done. -- Ernie Kovacs
Always remember this: If you don't attend the funerals of your friends, they will certainly not attend yours. -- H.L. Mencken
A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author. -- G. K. Chesterton
Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the United States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine milimeter bullet. -- Dave Barry
This isn't right. It isn't even wrong. -- Wolfgang Pauli, on a paper submitted by a physicist colleague
Today you can go to a gas station and find the cash register open and the toilets locked. They must think toilet paper is worth more than money. -- Joey Bishop
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate -- Franklin P. Jones
Red meat is NOT bad for you. Now, blue-green meat, that's REALLY BAD for you. -- Tommy Smothers
When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty. -- Norm Crosby
The imaginary friends I had as a kid dropped me because their friends thought I didn't exist. -- Aaron Machado
I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places. He told me to quit going to those places. -- Henny Youngman
The reason there are two senators for each state is so that one can be the designated driver. -- Jay Leno
It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether I win or lose. -- Darrin Weinberg
Remember that as a teenager you are in the last stage of your life in which you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you. -- Fran Lebowitz
A cynic is a man who, when he smells flowers, looks around for a coffin. -- H.L. Mencken
It ain't so much the things you don't know that get you in trouble. It's the things you know that just ain't so. -- Artimus Ward
Avoid alliteration. Always.
Prepositions are not words to end sentences with.
Avoid clichés like the plague. (They’re old hat.)
Employ the vernacular.
Eschew ampersands & abbreviations, etc.
Parenthetical remarks (however relevant) are unnecessary.
It is wrong to ever split an infinitive.
Contractions aren’t necessary.
Foreign words and phrases are not apropos.
One should never generalize.
Eliminate quotations. As Ralph Waldo Emerson said, "I hate quotations. Tell me what you know."
Comparisons are as bad as clichés.
Don’t be redundant; don’t use more words than necessary; it’s highly superfluous.
Be more or less specific.
Understatement is always best.
One-word sentences? Eliminate.
Analogies in writing are like feathers on a snake.
The passive voice is to be avoided.
Go around the barn at high noon to avoid colloquialisms.
Even if a mixed metaphor sings, it should be derailed.
Who needs rhetorical questions?
Exaggeration is a billion times worse than understatement.
QUESTION: If you could live forever, would you and why? ANSWER: "I would not live forever, because we should not live forever, because if we were supposed to live forever, then we would live forever, but we cannot live forever, which is why I would not live forever." -- Miss Alabama in the 1994 Miss USA contest
"Whenever I watch TV and see those poor starving kids all over the world, I can't help but cry. I mean I'd love to be skinny like that, but not with all those flies and death and stuff." -- Mariah Carey
"Researchers have discovered that chocolate produces some of the same reactions in the brain as marijuana. The researchers also discovered other similarities between the two, but can't remember what they are." -- Matt Lauer on NBC's Today show, August 22
"I haven't committed a crime. What I did was fail to comply with the law." -- David Dinkins, New York City Mayor
"Smoking kills. If you're killed, you've lost a very important part of your life." -- Brooke Shields
"I've never had major knee surgery on any other part of my body." -- Winston Bennett, University of Kentucky basketball forward
"Outside of the killings, Washington has one of the lowest crime rates in the country." -- Mayor Marion Barry, Washington, D.C.
"We're going to turn this team around 360 degrees." -- Jason Kidd, upon his drafting to the Dallas Mavericks
"I'm not going to have some reporters pawing through our papers. We are the president." -- Hillary Clinton commenting on the release of subpoenaed documents
"China is a big country, inhabited by many Chinese." -- French President Charles De Gaulle
"That lowdown scoundrel deserves to be kicked to death by a jackass, and I'm just the one to do it." -- A congressional candidate in Texas
"I don't feel we did wrong in taking this great country away from them. There were great numbers of people who needed new land, and the Indians were selfishly trying to keep it for themselves." -- John Wayne
"Half this game is ninety percent mental." -- Philadelphia Phillies manager Danny Ozark
"It isn't pollution that's harming the environment. It's the impurities in our air and water that are doing it." -- Vice-President Dan Quayle
"Without censorship, things can get terribly confused in the public mind." -- General William Westmoreland
"If you let that sort of thing go on, your bread and butter will be cut right out from under your feet." -- British foreign minister Ernest Bevin
"I love California. I practically grew up in Phoenix." -- Vice-President Dan Quayle
"The private enterprise system indicates that some people have higher incomes than others." -- Gerry Brown
"It's no exaggeration to say that the undecideds could go one way or another." -- President George Bush
"I have opinions of my own -strong opinions- but I don't always agree with them." -- Presidnet George Bush
"Not only is he ambidextrous, but he can throw with either hand." -- Duffy Daugherty, football coach and sports analyst
"We've got to pause and ask ourselves: How much clean air do we need?" -- Lee Iacocca
"Please provide the date of your death." -- from an IRS letter
"I was under medication when I made the decision to burn the tapes." -- President Richard Nixon
"I was provided with additional input that was radically different from the truth. I assisted in furthering that version." -- Colonel Oliver North, from his Iran-Contra testimony
"We are sorry to announce that Mr. Albert Brown has been quite unwell, owing to his recent death, and is taking a short holiday to recover." -- Parish Magazine
"Men, I want you just thinking of one word all season. One word and one word only: Super Bowl." -- Bill Peterson, football coach
"Hawaii is a unique state. It is a small state. It is a state that is by itself. It is different from the other 49 states. Well, all states are different, but it's got a particularly unique situation." -- Vice-President Dan Quayle
"Be sure and put some of those neutrons on it." -- Mike Smith, Baseball pitcher, ordering a salad at a restaurant
"We are not without accomplishment. We have managed to distribute poverty equally." -- Nguyen Co Thatch, Vietnamese foreign minister
"The word "genius" isn't applicable in football. A genius is a guy like Norman Einstein." -- Joe Theisman, NFL football quarterback and sports analyst
"Fiction writing is great. You can make up almost anything." -- Ivana Trump, upon finishing her first novel
"I've read about foreign policy and studied -- I know the number of continents." -- George Wallace, 1968 presidential campaign
"We don't necessarily discriminate. We simply exclude certain types of people." -- Colonel Gerald Wellman, ROTC Instructor
"If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure." -- Vice-President Dan Quayle
"We are ready for an unforeseen event that may or may not occur." -- Vice-President Dan Quayle
"Potatoe" -- Vice-President Dan Quayle
"The road of good intentions is paved with Hell." -- Spencer Ante
"Traditionally, most of Australia's imports come from overseas." -- Keppel Enderbery
"The loss of life will be irreplaceable." -- Vice-President Dan Quayle
"I was recently on a tour of Latin America, and the only regret I have is that I didn't study my Latin harder in school so I could converse with those people." -- Vice-President Dan Quayle
"What a waste it is to lose one's mind. Or not to have a mind is being very wasteful. How true that is." -- Vice-President Dan Quayle
"It is wonderful to be here in the great state of Chicago..." -- Vice-President Dan Quayle
"The people in the Navy look on motherhood as being compatible with being a woman." -- Rear Admiral James R. Hogg
"I stand by all the misstatements that I've made." -- Vice-President Dan Quayle
"Your food stamps will be stopped effective March 1992 because we received notice that you passed away. May God bless you. You may reapply if there is a change in your circumstances." -- Department of Social Services, Greenville, South Carolina
"We apologize for the error in last week's paper in which we stated that Mr. Arnold Dogbody was a defective in the police force. We meant, of course, that Mr. Dogbody is a detective in the police farce." -- Correction Notice in the Ely Standard, a British newspaper
"If somebody has a bad heart, they can plug this jack in at night as they go to bed and it will monitor their heart throughout the night. And the next morning, when they wake up dead, there'll be a record." -- Mark S. Fowler, FCC Chairman
"Caution: Cape does not enable user to fly." -- Batman Costume warning label
Never tell your mom her diet's not working. -- Michael, 14
Never pee on an electric fence. -- Robert, 13
Don't squat with your spurs on: -- Noronha, 13
Don't pull dad's finger when he tells you to: -- Emily, 10
When your mom is mad at your dad, don't let her brush your hair. -- Taylia, 11
Never allow your three-year old brother in the same room as your school assignment. -- Traci, 14
Don't sneeze in front of mum when you're eating crackers. -- Mitchell, 12
Puppies still have bad breath even after eating a tic tac. -- Andrew, 9
Never hold a dust buster and a cat at the same time. -- Kyoyo, 9
You can't hide a piece of broccoli in a glass of milk. -- Armir, 9
Don't wear polka-dot underwear under white shorts. -- Kellie, 11
If you want a kitten, start out by asking for a horse. -- Naomi, 15
Felt markers are not good to use as lipstick. -- Lauren, 9
When you get a bad grade in school, show it to your mom when she's on the phone. -- Alyesha, 13
Never try to baptize a cat. -- Eileen, 8
You know your living in the 90s when...You tried to enter your password on the microwave.
You know your living in the 90s when...You now think of three espressos as "getting wasted."
You know your living in the 90s when...You haven't played solitaire with a real deck of cards in years.
You know your living in the 90s when...You have a list of 15 phone numbers to reach your family of 3.
You know your living in the 90s when...You e-mail your son in his room to tell him that dinner is ready, and he e-mails you back "What's for dinner?"
You know your living in the 90s when...Your daughter sells Girl Scout Cookies via her web site.
You know your living in the 90s when...You chat several times a day with a stranger from South Africa, but you haven't spoken to your next door neighbor yet this year.
You know your living in the 90s when...You didn't give your valentine a card this year, but you posted one for your e-mail buddies via a web page.
You know your living in the 90s when...Your daughter just bought a C.D. of all the records your college roommate used to play.
You know your living in the 90s when...You check your blow dryer to see if it's Y2K compliant.
You know your living in the 90s when...Your mother clogs up your e-mail inbox, asking you to send her JPEG files of your newborn so she can create a screen saver.
You know your living in the 90s when...You pull up in your own driveway and use your cell phone to see if anyone is home. 
Alaska has the highest percentage of people who walk to work.
The cost of raising a medium-size dog to the age of eleven is $6,400.
"I am." is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour.
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit.
If you keep a Goldfish in the dark room, it will eventually turn white.
The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is attached to its body. The female initiates sex by ripping the males head off.
A pig's orgasm lasts for 30 minutes.
Some lions mate over 50 times a day.
Lorne Greene had one of his nipples bitten off by an alligator while he was host of "Lorne Greene's Wild Kingdom."
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure.
The only real person to be a head on a PEZ candy dispenser was Betsy Ross.
The Ramses brand condom is named after the great Pharaoh Ramses II who fathered over 160 children.
A recent survey revealed that American's favorite smell was banana.
Reindeer like to eat bananas.
The word "samba" means "to rub navels together."
Alfred Hitchcock didn't have a belly button. It was eliminated when he was sewn up after surgery.
Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors.
Michael Jordan makes more money from Nike annually than all of the Nike factory workers in Malaysia combined.
Charles Lindburgh took only four sandwiches with him on his famous transatlantic flight.
Donald Duck's middle name is Fauntleroy.
Donald Duck comics were banned in Finland because he doesn't wear pants.
A snail can sleep for 3 years.
Coca-Cola was originally green.
Iceland consumes more Coca-Cola per capita than any other nation.
Wilma Flintstone's maiden name was Wilma Slaghoopal, Betty Rubble's maiden name was Betty Jean Mcbricker.
The first couple to be shown in bed together on prime time television were Fred and Wilma Flintstone.
There's no Betty Rubble in Flintstone Chewables.
Pamela Anderson Lee is Canada's Centennial Baby, being the first baby born on the centennial anniversary of Canada's independence.
57% surveyed have had deja vu.
33% of women surveyed lie about their weight.
Over 50% believe in spanking - but only a child over 2 years old.
The average bra size today is 36C whereas 10 years ago it was a 34B.
The male gypsy moth can "smell" the virgin female gypsy moth from 1.8 miles away.
3.9% of all women surveyed said they never wear underwear.
God grant me the Senility to forget the people I never liked anyway, the good fortune to run into the ones I do, and the eyesight to tell the difference...
I STARTED out with nothing....I still have most of it.
When did my wild oats turn to prunes and All Bran?
I finally got my head together, now my body is falling apart.
Funny, I don't remember being absent minded.
All reports are in. Life is now officially unfair.
If all is not lost, where is it?
It is easier to get older than it is to get wiser.
The first rule of holes: If you are in one, stop digging.
I went to school to become a wit, only got halfway through.
It was all so different before everything changed.
Some days you're the dog, some days you're the hydrant.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
A day without sunshine is like a day in Seattle.
I wish the buck stopped here. I could use a few...
Kids in the back seat cause accidents; accidents in the back seat cause kids.
It's not the pace of life that concerns me, it's the sudden stop at the end.
It's hard to make a comeback when you haven't been anywhere.
The only time the world beats a path to your door is if you're in the bathroom.
If God wanted me to touch my toes, he would have put them on my knees.
When you're finally holding all the cards, why does everyone else decide to play chess?
Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
It's not hard to meet expenses... they're everywhere.
Xerox and Wurlitzer have merged! They're going to make reproductive organs
Fairchild Electronics and Honeywell Computers have merged to form a new company called Fairwell Honeychild.
Polygram records, Warner Brothers and Keebler have merged to form a new company called Poly Warner Cracker
W.R. Grace Co., Fuller Brush Co., Mary Kay Cosmetics and Hale Business Systems have merged to form a new company called Hale Mary Fuller Grace
3M and Goodyear have merged to form a new company called mmmGood
John Deere and Abitibi-Price have merged to form a new company called Deere Abi
Honeywell, Imasco, and Home Oil have merged to form a new company called Honey I'm Home
Denison Mines, Alliance and Metal Mining have merged to form a new company called Mine, All Mine
3M, J.C. Penney and Canadian Opera Company have merged to form a new company called 3 Penney Opera
Knott's Berry Farm and National organization of Women have merged to form a new company called Knott NOW!
Zippo Manufacturing, Audi, Dofasco, and Dakota Mining have merged to form a new company called Zip Audi Do-Da
A man will pay $2 for a $1 item he needs. A woman will pay $1 for a $2 item that she doesn't need.
A woman worries about the future until she gets a husband. A man never worries about the future until he gets a wife.
A successful man is one who makes more money that his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man.
To be happy with a man, you must understand him a lot and love him a little. To be happy with a woman, you must love her a lot & not try to understand her at all.
Married men lived longer than single man, but married men are a lot more willing to die.
Any married man should forget his mistakes, there's no use in two people remembering the same thing.
Men wake up as good-looking as they went to bed. Women somehow deteriorate during the night.
A woman marries a man expecting he will change, but he doesn't. A man marries a woman expecting that she won't change, and she does.
A woman has the last word in any argument. Anything a man says after that is the beginning of a new argument.
There are 2 times when a man doesn't understand a woman - before marriage and after marriage.
Many people will walk in and out or your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart. 
To handle yourself, use your head, To handle others, use your heart. 
Anger is only one letter short of danger. 
If someone betrays you once, it's his fault. If he betrays you twice, it's your fault. 
Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people. 
God Gives every bird it's food, but He does not throw it into it's nest. 
He who loses money, loses much; He who loses a friend, loses more; He who loses faith, loses all. 
Beautiful young people are acts of nature, but beautiful old people are works of art. 
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can't live long enough to make them all yourself. 
The tongue weighs practically nothing, but so few people can hold it. 
Friends, you and me ... you brought another friend...and then there were 3 ... we started our group... Our circle of friends ... and like the circle ... there's no beginning .. there is no end.
Since my last report, this employee has reached rock bottom and shows signs of starting to dig. -- actual employee evaluations
His men would follow him anywhere, but only out of morbid curiosity. -- actual employee evaluations
I would not allow this man to breed. -- actual employee evaluations
This associate is really not so much of a has-been, but more of a definitely won't be. -- actual employee evaluations
Works well when under constant supervision and cornered like a rat in a trap. -- actual employee evaluations
When he opens his mouth, it seems that this is only to change whichever foot was previously in there. -- actual employee evaluations
He would be out of his depth in a parking lot puddle. -- actual employee evaluations
This man has delusions of adequacy. -- actual employee evaluations
He sets low personal standards and the consistently fails to achieve them. -- actual employee evaluations
This employee should go far -- the sooner he starts, the better. -- actual employee evaluations
This employee is depriving a village somewhere of an idiot. -- actual employee evaluations
Not the sharpest knife in the drawer. -- actual employee evaluations
Got into the gene pool while the lifeguard wasn't looking. -- actual employee evaluations
A room temperature I.Q. -- actual employee evaluations
Got a full six-pack, but is missing the plastic thingy that holds it together. -- actual employee evaluations
A gross ignoramus -- 144 times worse than an ordinary ignoramus. -- actual employee evaluations
A photographic memory but with the lens cover glued on. -- actual employee evaluations
A prime candidate for natural deselection. -- actual employee evaluations
Bright as Alaska in December. -- actual employee evaluations
One-celled organisms outscore him in I.Q. tests. -- actual employee evaluations
Donated his brain to science before he was quite finished using it. -- actual employee evaluations
Fell out of his family tree. -- actual employee evaluations
The gates are down, the lights are flashing, but the trains isn't coming. -- actual employee evaluations
This man has two brains; one is lost and the other is out looking for it. -- actual employee evaluations
He's so dense, light bends around him. -- actual employee evaluations
If brains were taxed, he would get a rebate. -- actual employee evaluations
Any dumber and he would have to be watered twice a week. -- actual employee evaluations
If you gave him a penny for his thoughts, you would get change back. -- actual employee evaluations
If you stand close enough to him, you can hear the ocean. -- actual employee evaluations
It's hard to believe that he beat out 1,000,000 other sperm. -- actual employee evaluations
One neuron short of a synapse. -- actual employee evaluations
Some drink from the fountain of knowledge, he gargled. -- actual employee evaluations
Was left on the Tilt-A-Whirl a bit too long as a baby. -- actual employee evaluations
Not the brightest bulb in the chandelier. -- actual employee evaluations
IN A LAUNDROMAT: Automatic washing machines. Please remove all your clothes when the light goes out. 
IN A LONDON DEPARTMENT STORE: Bargain Basement Upstairs 
IN AN OFFICE: Would the person who took the step ladder yesterday kindly bring it back or further steps will be taken. 
IN ANOTHER OFFICE: After the tea break, staff should empty the teapot and stand upside down on the draining board. 
ON A CHURCH DOOR: This is the gate of Heaven. Enter ye all by this door. (This door is kept locked because of the draft. Please use side entrance) 
OUTSIDE A SECOND-HAND SHOP: We exchange anything - bicycles, washing machines etc. Why not bring your wife along and get a wonderful bargain. 
QUICKSAND WARNING: Quicksand. Any person passing this point will be drowned. By order of the District Council. 
NOTICE IN A DRY CLEANER'S WINDOW: Anyone leaving their garments here for more than 30 days will be disposed of. 
IN A HEALTH FOOD SHOP WINDOW: Closed due to illness. 
SPOTTED IN A SAFARI PARK: Elephants Please Stay In Your Car 
SEEN DURING A CONFERENCE: For anyone who has children and doesn't know it, there is a day care on the first floor. 
NOTICE IN A FIELD: The farmer allows walkers to cross the field for free, but the bull charges. 
MESSAGE ON A LEAFLET: If you cannot read, this leaflet will tell you how to get lessons. 
ON A REPAIR SHOP DOOR: We can repair anything (Please knock hard on the door - the bell doesn't work) 
SPOTTED IN A TOILET IN A LONDON OFFICE BLOCK: Toilet out of order. Please use floor below.
Everyone has a photographic memory. Some don't have film.
He who laughs last, thinks slowest.
A day without sunshine is like, well, night.
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
Back up my hard drive? How do I put it in reverse?
I just got lost in thought. It was unfamiliar territory.
When the chips are down, the buffalo is empty.
Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it.
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't.
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe.
He's not dead; he's electroencephalographically challenged.
She's always late. Her ancestors arrived on the Juneflower.
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be misquoted, then used against you.
I wonder how much deeper would the ocean be without sponges.
Honk if you love peace and quiet.
Pardon my driving, I am reloading.
Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how it remains so popular?
Nothing is foolproof to a sufficiently talented fool.
Abdicate-v., to give up all hope of ever having a flat stomach.
Esplanade-v., to attempt an explanation while drunk.
Flabbergasted-adj., appalled over how much weight you have gained.
Negligent-adj., describes a condition in which you absentmindedly answer the door in your nightie.
Lymph-v., to walk with a lisp.
Gargoyle-n., an olive-flavored mouthwash.
Coffee-n., a person who is coughed upon.
Flatulence-n., the emergency vehicle that picks you up after you are run over by a steamroller.
Balderdash-n., a rapidly receding hairline.
Semantics-n., pranks conducted by young men studying for the priesthood, including such things as gluing the pages of the priest's prayer book together just before vespers.
Macadam-n., the first man on Earth, according to the Scottish bible.
Circumvent-n., the opening in the front of boxer shorts.
Oyster-n., person who sprinkles his or her conversation with Yiddish expressions.
HOW HOT IS IT? - It is so hot here in Texas, you have to use pot holders to drive your car.
HOW HOT IS IT? - It is so hot, the chairs on my patio are standing on one leg.
HOW HOT IS IT? - It is so hot here in Texas, the best parking place is determined by shade instead of distance.
HOW HOT IS IT? - It is so hot here, hot water comes from both taps.
HOW HOT IS IT? - It is so hot and dry here in Texas, the trees are whistling for dogs.
Home is where you hang your @ - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
The E-mail of the species is more deadly than the mail - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
A journey of a thousand sites begins with a single click - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
You can't teach a new mouse old clicks - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
Great groups from little icons grow - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
Speak softly and carry a cellular phone - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
C:\ is the root of all directories - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
Don't put all your hypes in one home page - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
Pentium wise; pen and paper foolish - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
The modem is the message - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
Too many clicks spoil the browse - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
The geek shall inherit the earth - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
A chat has nine lives - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
Don't byte off more than you can view - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
Fax is stranger than fiction - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
What boots up must come down - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
Windows will never cease - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
In Gates we trust - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
Virtual reality is its own reward - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
Modulation in all things - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
A user and his leisure time are soon parted - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
There's no place like http://www.home.com - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
Know what to expect before you connect - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
Oh, what a tangled website we weave when first we practice - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
Speed thrills - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach him to use the Net and he won't bother you for weeks - MAXIMS FOR THE INTERNET AGE
If a person with multiple personalities threatens suicide, is that person considered a hostage situation?
Just think how much deeper the ocean would be if sponges didn't live there.
Whatever happened to preparations A through G?
If olive oil comes from olives, where does baby oil come from?
So what's the speed of dark?
How come you don't ever hear about gruntled employees? And who has been dissing them anyhow?
Why don't they just make mouse-flavored cat food?
If you're sending someone some Styrofoam, what do you pack it in?
I just got skylights put in my place. The people who live above me are furious.
Why do they sterilize needles for lethal injections?
Do they have reserved parking for non-handicapped people at the Special Olympics?
When a man talks dirty to a woman, its sexual harassment. When a woman talks dirty to a man, it's $3.95 per minute.
If it's tourist season, why can't we shoot them?
Isn't Disney World a people trap operated by a mouse?
Whose cruel idea was it for the word "lisp" to have an "s" in it?
Since light travels faster than sound, isn't that why some people appear bright until you hear them speak?
How come abbreviated is such a long word?
If it's zero degrees outside today and it's supposed to be twice as cold tomorrow, how cold is it going to be?
Why do you press harder on a remote-control when you know the battery is dead?
Why are they called buildings, when they're already finished? Shouldn't they be called builts?
Why are they called apartments, when they're all stuck together?
Why do banks charge you a "non-sufficient funds fee" on money they already know you don't have?
If the universe is everything, and scientists say that the universe is expanding, what is it expanding into?
If you got into a taxi and the driver started driving backward, would the taxi driver end up owing you money?
What would a chair look like if your knees bent the other way?
Why are there 5 syllables in the word "monosyllabic"?
Why do they call it the Department of Interior when they are in charge of everything outdoors?
Why do scientists call it research when looking for something new?
If vegetarians eat vegetables, what do humanitarians eat?
When I erase a word with a pencil, where does it go?
Why is it, when a door is open it's ajar, but when a jar is open, it's not a door?
Tell a man that there are 400 billion stars and he'll believe you. Tell him a bench has wet paint and he has to touch it.
If "con" is the opposite of "pro," then what is the opposite of progress?
Why is lemon juice mostly artificial ingredients, but dishwashing liquid contains real lemons?
Why buy a product that it takes 2000 flushes to get rid of?
Why do we put suits in a garment bag and put garments in a suitcase?
Do Roman paramedics refer to IV's as "4's"?
If all those psychics know the winning lottery numbers, why are they all still working?
Sooner or later, doesn't EVERYONE stop smoking?
War doesn't determine who's right, just who's left
I'm busy. You're ugly. Have a nice day - T-SHIRTS FOR WOMEN WHO TAKE NO CRAP
Warning: I have an attitude and I know how to use it. - T-SHIRTS FOR WOMEN WHO TAKE NO CRAP
Remember my name - you'll be screaming it later - T-SHIRTS FOR WOMEN WHO TAKE NO CRAP
Of course I don't look busy. . . I did it right the first time - T-SHIRTS FOR WOMEN WHO TAKE NO CRAP
Why do people with closed minds always open their mouths? - T-SHIRTS FOR WOMEN WHO TAKE NO CRAP
I'm multitalented: I can talk and piss you off at the same time. - T-SHIRTS FOR WOMEN WHO TAKE NO CRAP
Do NOT start with me. You will NOT win. - T-SHIRTS FOR WOMEN WHO TAKE NO CRAP
You have the right to remain silent, so please SHUT UP - T-SHIRTS FOR WOMEN WHO TAKE NO CRAP
Don't piss me off! I'm running out of places to hide the bodies. - T-SHIRTS FOR WOMEN WHO TAKE NO CRAP
Guys have feelings too. But like. . . who cares? - T-SHIRTS FOR WOMEN WHO TAKE NO CRAP
I don't believe in miracles. I rely on them. - T-SHIRTS FOR WOMEN WHO TAKE NO CRAP
Next mood swing . . . 6 minutes. - T-SHIRTS FOR WOMEN WHO TAKE NO CRAP
I hate everybody and you're next - T-SHIRTS FOR WOMEN WHO TAKE NO CRAP
Please don't make me kill you. - T-SHIRTS FOR WOMEN WHO TAKE NO CRAP
And your point is. . .? - T-SHIRTS FOR WOMEN WHO TAKE NO CRAP
I used to be schizophrenic, but we're OK now. - T-SHIRTS FOR WOMEN WHO TAKE NO CRAP
All stressed out and no one to choke. - T-SHIRTS FOR WOMEN WHO TAKE NO CRAP
I'm one of those bad things that happen to good people. - T-SHIRTS FOR WOMEN WHO TAKE NO CRAP
How can I miss you if you won't go away? - T-SHIRTS FOR WOMEN WHO TAKE NO CRAP
Sorry if I looked interested. I'M NOT!! - T-SHIRTS FOR WOMEN WHO TAKE NO CRAP
Too often, we lose sight of life's simple pleasures... Remember, when someone annoys you, It takes 42 muscles in your face to frown BUT, it only takes 4 muscles to extend your arm and SMACK the idiot up side the head.
Raising teenagers is like nailing Jell-O to a tree.
One reason to smile is that every seven minutes of every day, someone in an aerobics class pulls a hamstring.
Car sickness is the feeling you get when the monthly payment is due.
The best way to keep kids at home is to make a pleasant atmosphere-and let the air out of their tires.
Families are like fudge . . . mostly sweet, with a few nuts.
Today's mighty oak is just yesterday's nut that held its ground.
Laughing helps. It's like jogging on the inside.
Middle age is when you choose your cereal for the fiber, not the toy.
If you can remain calm, you just don't have all the facts.
Growing old is mandatory; growing up is optional.
For some, Insanity is their only means of relaxation.
Forget the health food. I need all the preservatives I can get.
You know you're getting old when you stoop to tie your shoes and wonder what else you can do while you're down there.
You're getting old when you get the same sensation from a rocking chair that you once got from a roller coaster.
Perhaps you know why women over fifty don't have babies: They would put them down somewhere and forget where they left them.
One of life's mysteries is how a two pound box of candy can make a person gain five pounds.
Every time I think about exercise, I lie down til the thought goes away.
It's frustrating when you know all the answers, but nobody bothers to ask you the questions.
Time may be a great healer, but it's also a lousy beautician.
The older you get, the tougher it is to lose weight, because by then your body and your fat are really good friends.
Age doesn't always bring wisdom.  Sometimes age comes alone.
Just when I was getting used to yesterday, along came today.
Sometimes I think I understand everything, then I regain consciousness.
Amazing! You just hang something in your closet for a while, and it shrinks two sizes.
It is bad to suppress laughter; it goes back down and spreads to your hips.
Inside some of us is a thin person struggling to get out, but they can usually be sedated with a few pieces of chocolate cake.